sessions/html-forms/form-validation_solution/README.md, before:

# HTML Form Validation

This challenge offers a form where the user can submit a complaint.

In order to process the complaint, the company needs certain information.

## Task

Make sure that the user submits all relevant information in a correct format.

Use the following guidelines:

- First and last name are required and are allowed to have at least 4 and up to 30 characters.
- The user needs to be at least 14 years old.
- We need a correct email adress (i.e. including an `@` symbol) for contacting the user.
- It's necessary that the user has read the terms of service and agrees to them.

Switch to the [`index.html`](./index.html) file and validate the form in the mentioned way!

> 💡 The default behavior of the submit event is turned off and the page does not reload when clicking the submit button. We will discuss in how to achieve this behavior in the `JS Forms` session.

## Development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

chore: improve note in form validation

sessions/html-forms/form-validation_solution/README.md, after:

# HTML Form Validation

This challenge offers a form where the user can submit a complaint.

In order to process the complaint, the company needs certain information.

## Task

Make sure that the user submits all relevant information in a correct format.

Use the following guidelines:

- First and last name are required and are allowed to have at least 4 and up to 30 characters.
- The user needs to be at least 14 years old.
- We need a correct email adress (i.e. including an `@` symbol) for contacting the user.
- It's necessary that the user has read the terms of service and agrees to them.

Switch to the [`index.html`](./index.html) file and validate the form in the mentioned way!

> 💡 By default, the browser reloads a page when a form is submitted. This behavior is turned off in this challenge with a little bit of JavaScript (see `js/index.js`). We will learn about this in more detail in the session JS Forms.

## Development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
