sessions/react-state-2/favourite-holiday/README.md, before:

# React State 2: Favourite Holiday

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, there is a form in which you can enter your favourite holiday and its respective date. Below the form, the submitted data should be displayed.

Unfortunately, the form is not working correctly. Let's fix that!

## Task

Switch to the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file and refactor the `handleSubmit` function so that

1. the `App` component has access to the submitted data,
2. the submitted data is dynamically rendered in the respective output fields below the form.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Create a separate state for `holiday` and `date`.
- The `handleSubmit` function sets both states with its corresponding values. Do you remember how to access the values of the target fields?
- Don't forget to dynamically render the state variables in the output area.

## Bonus

When submitting the form, the form fields should be reset and the `holiday` field should be focussed.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state-2/favourite-holiday/README.md, after:

# React State 2: Favourite Holiday

In the `./src/App.js` file, there is a form in which you can enter your favourite holiday and its respective date. Below the form, the submitted data should be displayed.

Unfortunately, the form is not working correctly. Let's fix that!

## Task

Switch to the `./src/App.js` file and refactor the `handleSubmit` function so that

1. the `App` component has access to the submitted data,
2. the submitted data is dynamically rendered in the respective output fields below the form.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Create a separate state for `holiday` and `date`.
- The `handleSubmit` function sets both states with its corresponding values. Do you remember how to access the values of the target fields?
- Don't forget to dynamically render the state variables in the output area.

## Bonus

When submitting the form, the form fields should be reset and the `holiday` field should be focussed.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./src/App.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
