sessions/react-styled-components/box/README.md, before:

# Styled Components: Box

Currently, there is a component called [`BoxWithClassName`](./components/BoxWithClassName/index.js). This component is rendered twice in [`_app.js`](./pages/_app.js).

This is why there are two boxes displayed, a green and a black one. They become red when you hover over them. Their styling is done via BEM and the `className` attribute.

## Task

### Box with Styled Components

Create a new component called `BoxWithStyledComponents`. It should feature the same styling as `BoxWithClassName`.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Inside of the `components` folder, create a file `BoxWithStyledComponents.js`.
- It should export a function which
  - accepts a prop `$isBlack` (note the `$` sign)
  - returns a `div`
- Inside of the same file, create a styled component called `StyledBox` which styles a `div`.
  - Inside of the return statement of your function, replace the `div` with `StyledBox`.
  - Pass the `$isBlack` prop to the `StyledBox` component.
  - `StyledBox` should have the same styling as the `BoxWithClassName` component.
  - Check whether the `$isBlack` prop is true and set the correct `background-color` accordingly.
  - How could you set the styling for the hover effect again?
- Switch to [`pages/index.js`](./pages/index.js):
  - import `BoxWithStyledComponents` and
  - below the two `BoxWithClassName` components, render two `BoxWithStyledComponents`, one green and one black.

### Bonus: Aligning Boxes Horizontally

Using styled components, can you align the four boxes horizontally by only changing [`pages/index.js`](./pages/index.js)?

- Hint: Use `display: flex` to achieve this goal.

### Bonus: Refactoring

Did you notice you wrote a component `BoxWithStyledComponents` that has only the purpose to return an instance of `StyledBox` and passes props? This is not necessary! Such a wrapping component around a styled component would be required if you would return multiple child elements or would add logic to the component.

Try to refactor the code, so that `BoxWithStyledComponents.js` includes only one component, which is created with `styled-components` and is the default export.

## Notes

- You have to touch the [`pages/index.js`](./pages/index.js) file and add a file in the [`components`](./components/) folder.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. If this project contains tests, select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

> 💡 Please note that Next.js support on CodeSandbox is not great.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run start` to start the production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run dev` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-styled-components/box/README.md, after:

# Styled Components: Box

Currently, there is a component called [`BoxWithClassName`](./components/BoxWithClassName/index.js). This component is rendered twice in `./pages/_app.js`.

This is why there are two boxes displayed, a green and a black one. They become red when you hover over them. Their styling is done via BEM and the `className` attribute.

## Task

### Box with Styled Components

Create a new component called `BoxWithStyledComponents`. It should feature the same styling as `BoxWithClassName`.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Inside of the `components` folder, create a file `BoxWithStyledComponents.js`.
- It should export a function which
  - accepts a prop `$isBlack` (note the `$` sign)
  - returns a `div`
- Inside of the same file, create a styled component called `StyledBox` which styles a `div`.
  - Inside of the return statement of your function, replace the `div` with `StyledBox`.
  - Pass the `$isBlack` prop to the `StyledBox` component.
  - `StyledBox` should have the same styling as the `BoxWithClassName` component.
  - Check whether the `$isBlack` prop is true and set the correct `background-color` accordingly.
  - How could you set the styling for the hover effect again?
- Switch to `./pages/index.js`:
  - import `BoxWithStyledComponents` and
  - below the two `BoxWithClassName` components, render two `BoxWithStyledComponents`, one green and one black.

### Bonus: Aligning Boxes Horizontally

Using styled components, can you align the four boxes horizontally by only changing `./pages/index.js`?

- Hint: Use `display: flex` to achieve this goal.

### Bonus: Refactoring

Did you notice you wrote a component `BoxWithStyledComponents` that has only the purpose to return an instance of `StyledBox` and passes props? This is not necessary! Such a wrapping component around a styled component would be required if you would return multiple child elements or would add logic to the component.

Try to refactor the code, so that `BoxWithStyledComponents.js` includes only one component, which is created with `styled-components` and is the default export.

## Notes

- You have to touch the `./pages/index.js` file and add a file in the [`components`](./components/) folder.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
