sessions/backend-read/products/README.md, before:

# Backend Read: Products

In this challenge (and the upcoming ones), you'll create a fish shop. For now, you'll read data from a local MongoDB using `mongoose` and display it in the frontend.

## Task

### Introduction

Run `npm run dev` and open `localhost:3000` on your browser.

Have a look around:

- there is an overview page with all products and a details page for each of them;
- the data is taken from `lib/products.js`.

Your task is to refactor the app so that it fetches the data from a local MongoDB.

### Read Products from Database

Use MongoDB Compass to create a database:

- the database should be called `fish-shop`,
- there should be one collection called `products`,
- download and extract the [resources](README.md#resources) and
- use the `products.json` file to import the data into your `products` collection.

Create a schema for the `Product` model in the `db/models` folder.

The schema should have the following fields:

- `name` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `price` (Number)
- `currency` (String)

At the root of the project, create a `.env.local` file which uses the `MONGODB_URI` environment variable and your MongoDB connection string.

- Copy and paste the following into the `.env.local` file: `MONGODB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/fish-shop`.

Switch to `pages/api/products/index.js`:

- Delete the import of `lib/products`.
- Import `dbConnect` from the `db/connect.js` file.
- Import the `Product` model.
- Make the `handler` function `async` and `await` the connection to the database.
- If the `request.method` is `GET`,

  - use the `Product` model to find all products and
  - return them as a response.

Switch to `pages/index.js` and adapt the frontend:

- replace all instances of `product.id` with `product._id`.

Check that it works:

- Reload `localhost:3000`; you should still see all fishes.

Switch to `pages/api/products/[id].js` and adapt it as explained above:

- To find a single product by its id, you can use the `Product` model and the `.findById()` method: `Product.findById(id)`.
- Delete `lib/products.js` because it is not used anymore.

Open the browser and check the details pages: they should now work as well!

### Bonus: Populate Reviews

Some of the products already have reviews which are stored in a second collection. Your task is to read from that collection and display the reviews on the right details page.

Open MongoDB Compass and adapt your `fish-shop` database:

- Add a new collection called `reviews`; insert the data from `bonus-reviews.json`.
- Drop the `products` collection; recreate it with the same name, but now insert data from the `bonus-products.json` file.
  - Note: The data in `bonus-products.json` contain a `reviews` array with `ids` as a reference to the corresponding review in the `review` collection.

Create a schema for the `Review` model in the `db/models` folder.

The schema should have the following fields:

- `title` (String)
- `text` (String)
- `rating` (Number)

Update the `Product` schema to include a reference to the `Review` model:

- Import the `Review` model with `import "./Review";`
- Below the `currency` key, add a new line for the reviews; you want to define that it is an array of Object-Ids and has a reference to the `Review` schema like so: `reviews: { type: [Schema.Types.ObjectId], ref: "Review" },`

Switch to `pages/api/products/[id].js` and use the `.populate` method to integrate the reviews for each product:

- `const product = await Product.findById(id).populate("reviews");`

Finally, update the frontend to display the reviews:

- Switch to `components/Product/index.js`.
- Inside of the return statement, check whether the fetched `data` contain any reviews and if so, display them.
- Feel free to decide which part of the review data you want to display.

### Resources

⬇️ You can [**download the data and assets for the Fish Shop here**](./resources.zip?raw=true).

- Unzip the file to get the `resources` folder.
- The files are already in the correct structure for the app.
  - `products.json` contains the data for the first task, and
  - `bonus-products.json` and `bonus-reviews.json` contain the data for the bonus task.
- Import them into the correct collection of your local MongoDB when you are asked to.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. If this project contains tests, select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run start` to start the production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run dev` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/backend-read/products/README.md, after:

# Backend Read: Products

In this challenge (and the upcoming ones), you'll create a fish shop. For now, you'll read data from a local MongoDB using `mongoose` and display it in the frontend.

## Task

### Introduction

Run `npm run dev` and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) on your browser.

Have a look around:

- there is an overview page with all products and a details page for each of them;
- the data is taken from `lib/products.js`.

Your task is to refactor the app so that it fetches the data from a local MongoDB.

### Read Products from Database

Use MongoDB Compass to create a database:

- the database should be called `fish-shop`,
- there should be one collection called `products`,
- download and extract the [resources](README.md#resources) and
- use the `products.json` file to import the data into your `products` collection.

Create a schema for the `Product` model in the `db/models` folder.

The schema should have the following fields:

- `name` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `price` (Number)
- `currency` (String)

At the root of the project, create a `.env.local` file which uses the `MONGODB_URI` environment variable and your MongoDB connection string.

- Copy and paste the following into the `.env.local` file: `MONGODB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/fish-shop`.

Switch to `pages/api/products/index.js`:

- Delete the import of `lib/products`.
- Import `dbConnect` from the `db/connect.js` file.
- Import the `Product` model.
- Make the `handler` function `async` and `await` the connection to the database.
- If the `request.method` is `GET`,

  - use the `Product` model to find all products and
  - return them as a response.

Switch to `pages/index.js` and adapt the frontend:

- replace all instances of `product.id` with `product._id`.

Check that it works:

- Reload `localhost:3000`; you should still see all fishes.

Switch to `pages/api/products/[id].js` and adapt it as explained above:

- To find a single product by its id, you can use the `Product` model and the `.findById()` method: `Product.findById(id)`.
- Delete `lib/products.js` because it is not used anymore.

Open the browser and check the details pages: they should now work as well!

### Bonus: Populate Reviews

Some of the products already have reviews which are stored in a second collection. Your task is to read from that collection and display the reviews on the right details page.

Open MongoDB Compass and adapt your `fish-shop` database:

- Add a new collection called `reviews`; insert the data from `bonus-reviews.json`.
- Drop the `products` collection; recreate it with the same name, but now insert data from the `bonus-products.json` file.
  - Note: The data in `bonus-products.json` contain a `reviews` array with `ids` as a reference to the corresponding review in the `review` collection.

Create a schema for the `Review` model in the `db/models` folder.

The schema should have the following fields:

- `title` (String)
- `text` (String)
- `rating` (Number)

Update the `Product` schema to include a reference to the `Review` model:

- Import the `Review` model with `import "./Review";`
- Below the `currency` key, add a new line for the reviews; you want to define that it is an array of Object-Ids and has a reference to the `Review` schema like so: `reviews: { type: [Schema.Types.ObjectId], ref: "Review" },`

Switch to `pages/api/products/[id].js` and use the `.populate` method to integrate the reviews for each product:

- `const product = await Product.findById(id).populate("reviews");`

Finally, update the frontend to display the reviews:

- Switch to `components/Product/index.js`.
- Inside of the return statement, check whether the fetched `data` contain any reviews and if so, display them.
- Feel free to decide which part of the review data you want to display.

### Resources

⬇️ You can [**download the data and assets for the Fish Shop here**](./resources.zip?raw=true).

- Unzip the file to get the `resources` folder.
- The files are already in the correct structure for the app.
  - `products.json` contains the data for the first task, and
  - `bonus-products.json` and `bonus-reviews.json` contain the data for the bonus task.
- Import them into the correct collection of your local MongoDB when you are asked to.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
