recipes/next/files/README.md, before:

# New Next Project

This project was created from the neue fische `next` template.

You can [🔗 **use this template on CodeSandbox**](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/github/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/templates/next?file=/README.md) or locally by running this command in your Terminal:

```bash
npx -y ghcd@latest neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/templates/next my-app -i
```

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Commit message:

replace neue fische texts with spiced academy

recipes/next/files/README.md, after:

# New Next Project

This project was created from the Spiced Academy `next` template.

You can [🔗 **use this template on CodeSandbox**](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/github/spiced-academy/fs-web-exercises/tree/main/templates/next?file=/README.md) or locally by running this command in your Terminal:

```bash
npx -y ghcd@latest spiced-academy/fs-web-exercises/tree/main/templates/next my-app -i
```

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
