sessions/react-props/greeting/README.md, before:

# Greeting

In React, you can build components and reuse them as often as you like. However, sometimes you want your components to be able to adapt to their environment, or other conditions, e.g. to have them display different types of content.

Let us use `props` to make components totally reusable!

## Task

### Create a Component with props

Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: the `App` component returns a default heading element. Replace this element with a custom `Greeting` component, which renders a greeting according to its props.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Write the `Greeting` component inside of the [`App.js`](src/App.js).
  - It accepts a prop called `name` (make sure to destructure it).
  - It returns an HTML element and uses the `name` prop to render "Hello, [name]!";
- Inside of the return statement of your `App` component, replace the heading with your `Greeting` component and pass it a `name` prop with a value of your choice.

### Conditional Rendering with props

Update your `Greeting` component to show "Hello, Coach!" if the `name` prop is equal to one of your coaches.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

migrate all sessions using migration script

sessions/react-props/greeting/README.md, after:

# Greeting

In React, you can build components and reuse them as often as you like. However, sometimes you want your components to be able to adapt to their environment, or other conditions, e.g. to have them display different types of content.

Let us use `props` to make components totally reusable!

## Task

### Create a Component with props

Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: the `App` component returns a default heading element. Replace this element with a custom `Greeting` component, which renders a greeting according to its props.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Write the `Greeting` component inside of the [`App.js`](src/App.js).
  - It accepts a prop called `name` (make sure to destructure it).
  - It returns an HTML element and uses the `name` prop to render "Hello, [name]!";
- Inside of the return statement of your `App` component, replace the heading with your `Greeting` component and pass it a `name` prop with a value of your choice.

### Conditional Rendering with props

Update your `Greeting` component to show "Hello, Coach!" if the `name` prop is equal to one of your coaches.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
