README.md, before:

# web exercises

Exercises for the neuefische web bootcamps.

These exercises are tailored as templates for codesandbox

<!-- toc -->

- [Generate Codesandbox from GitHub](#generate-codesandbox-from-github)
- [Adding new exercises](#adding-new-exercises)
- [Review new or changed exercises](#review-new-or-changed-exercises)
- [Update exercises](#update-exercises)
- [OPTIONAL: Local development](#optional-local-development)
- [OPTIONAL: Import project to Codesandbox](#optional-import-project-to-codesandbox)

<!-- tocstop -->

---

## Generate Codesandbox from GitHub

1. Open the folder in GitHub
2. change the URL from `github.com` to `githubbox.com`
   - Before: https://github.com/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/feature/array-map/sessions/js-array-methods/map
   - After: https://githubbox.com/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/feature/array-map/sessions/js-array-methods/map

![codesanbox create](docs/resources/generate-codesandbox-from-github.png)

![import project to codesandbox](docs/resources/generate-githubbox.png)

![GithHub project url](docs/resources/generated-githubbox-done.png)

---

## Adding new exercises

In order to satisfy our review process, please follow these steps:

1. Open a new branch following our [Branch guidelines](./docs/BRANCHES.md)
2. Add a new project in the desired session folder:  
   Example: `sessions/js-array-methods/map`
   - Option 1: Copy one of the [templates](./templates)
   - Option 2: Download an existing codesandbox (see screenshot below)
3. Commit the changes following [Commit guidelines](./docs/COMMITS.md)
4. Open a new pull request
5. Wait until the pull request has at least 2 approvals (enforced by branch protection)
6. Add the GitHubBox link to the session exercise (This URL will generate a sandbox from the current main)

Example: https://githubbox.com/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/sessions/example

![Export Codesandbox](docs/resources/codesandbox-export.png)

---

## Review new or changed exercises

1. Switch to the branch on GitHub
2. Use the folder from that branch
3. Follow step 2 from [Generate Codesandbox from GitHub](#generate-codesandbox-from-github)
4. Solve the exercise and save the sandbox
5. Add your solution as a comment on the pull request

---

## Update exercises

Once a pull request has been approved and squashed onto the main branch, solutions can be added to
our [Sessions on Codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/dashboard/all/sessions).

Since we generate the exercises from the GitHub folder, we don't have to update the example starters

1. Delete old solutions
2. Add new solutions in designated folder in codesandbox
3. Add solutions with suffix `(solution 01)`

> Each exercise should have two independent solutions.

Example: https://codesandbox.io/dashboard/all/sessions/example

![Codesandbox exercise and solutions](docs/resources/codesandbox-exercise-and-solutions.png)

---

## OPTIONAL: Local development

To develop on your local machine, please follow these steps:

1. Run `npm i` in the root of this repository
2. Start the development server:

- Option 1: Run script in root: `npm run start --workspace=example-exercise-01`  
  This will run the start script of the session workspace.
- Option 2: Run script in workspace: `cd sessions/example/exercise-01 && npm run start`
  This will go to the directory and then run the script there.
- Option 3:Run the script from the package.json (see screenshot below)

![Run script in VSC](docs/resources/run_script_vsc.png)

---

## OPTIONAL: Import project to Codesandbox

> This guide uses the ["javascript"](templates/javascript) template from [the template folder](./templates)

1. Open https://codesandbox.io/
2. Create a new sandbox
3. Choose the "Import Project" tab
4. Enter the URL to the folder that hosts the exercise
5. Click the "Import and Fork" button
6. Congratulation: You created a Sandbox from a GitHub folder

![codesanbox create](docs/resources/codesandbox-create.png)

![import project to codesandbox](docs/resources/import-project-to-codesandbox.png)

![GithHub project url](docs/resources/github-project-url.png)

![import exercise to codesandbox](docs/resources/import-exercise-to-codesandbox.png)

![codesandbox from GitHub](docs/resources/codesandbox-from-github.png)

Commit message:

chore: update readme according to current workflow (#64)
* chore: update readme

- change example link for generating codesandbox from main
- update workflow: 1 approval + solution is sufficient instead of 2

* fix: false description after change of example link

* feat: adjust description how to use example link

* feat(readme): add note what is meant by githubbox

Co-authored-by: Jan Willem Henckel <jan@mpfilm.de>

Co-authored-by: Jan Willem Henckel <jan@mpfilm.de>

README.md, after:

# web exercises

Exercises for the neuefische web bootcamps.

These exercises are tailored as templates for codesandbox

<!-- toc -->

- [web exercises](#web-exercises)
  - [Generate Codesandbox from GitHub](#generate-codesandbox-from-github)
  - [Adding new exercises](#adding-new-exercises)
  - [Review new or changed exercises](#review-new-or-changed-exercises)
  - [Update exercises](#update-exercises)
  - [OPTIONAL: Local development](#optional-local-development)
  - [OPTIONAL: Import project to Codesandbox](#optional-import-project-to-codesandbox)

<!-- tocstop -->

---

## Generate Codesandbox from GitHub

1. Open the folder in GitHub
2. change the URL from `github.com` to `githubbox.com`
   - Before: https://github.com/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/feature/array-map/sessions/js-array-methods/map
   - After: https://githubbox.com/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/feature/array-map/sessions/js-array-methods/map

![codesanbox create](docs/resources/generate-codesandbox-from-github.png)

![import project to codesandbox](docs/resources/generate-githubbox.png)

![GithHub project url](docs/resources/generated-githubbox-done.png)

---

## Adding new exercises

In order to satisfy our review process, please follow these steps:

1. Open a new branch following our [Branch guidelines](./docs/BRANCHES.md)
2. Add a new project in the desired session folder:  
   Example: `sessions/js-array-methods/map`
   - Option 1: Copy one of the [templates](./templates)
   - Option 2: Download an existing codesandbox (see screenshot below)
3. Commit the changes following [Commit guidelines](./docs/COMMITS.md)
4. Open a new pull request
5. Wait until the pull request has at least 1 approval (enforced by branch protection)
6. Add the codesandbox link to the session exercise which was generated with `githubbox` (→ change `github.com` to `githubbox.com` in your browser bar). Don't forget to correct the branchname from your feature branch to `main`.

Example: https://codesandbox.io/s/github/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/sessions/example/exercise-01

![Export Codesandbox](docs/resources/codesandbox-export.png)

---

## Review new or changed exercises

1. Switch to the branch on GitHub
2. Use the folder from that branch
3. Follow step 2 from [Generate Codesandbox from GitHub](#generate-codesandbox-from-github)
4. Solve the exercise and save the sandbox
5. Add your solution as a comment on the pull request

---

## Update exercises

Once a pull request has been approved and squashed onto the main branch, solutions can be added to
our [Sessions on Codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/dashboard/all/sessions).

Since we generate the exercises from the GitHub folder, we don't have to update the example starters

1. Delete old solutions
2. Add new solutions in designated folder in codesandbox
3. Add solutions with suffix `(solution 01)`

> Each exercise should have one independent solution.

Example: https://codesandbox.io/dashboard/all/sessions/example

![Codesandbox exercise and solutions](docs/resources/codesandbox-exercise-and-solutions.png)

---

## OPTIONAL: Local development

To develop on your local machine, please follow these steps:

1. Run `npm i` in the root of this repository
2. Start the development server:

- Option 1: Run script in root: `npm run start --workspace=example-exercise-01`  
  This will run the start script of the session workspace.
- Option 2: Run script in workspace: `cd sessions/example/exercise-01 && npm run start`
  This will go to the directory and then run the script there.
- Option 3:Run the script from the package.json (see screenshot below)

![Run script in VSC](docs/resources/run_script_vsc.png)

---

## OPTIONAL: Import project to Codesandbox

> This guide uses the ["javascript"](templates/javascript) template from [the template folder](./templates)

1. Open https://codesandbox.io/
2. Create a new sandbox
3. Choose the "Import Project" tab
4. Enter the URL to the folder that hosts the exercise
5. Click the "Import and Fork" button
6. Congratulation: You created a Sandbox from a GitHub folder

![codesanbox create](docs/resources/codesandbox-create.png)

![import project to codesandbox](docs/resources/import-project-to-codesandbox.png)

![GithHub project url](docs/resources/github-project-url.png)

![import exercise to codesandbox](docs/resources/import-exercise-to-codesandbox.png)

![codesandbox from GitHub](docs/resources/codesandbox-from-github.png)
