sessions/backend-api-routes/random-character/README.md, before:

# Backend Api Routes: Random Character

In this challenge, you will

- create an api route which returns a character object with random values using [the `chance` package](https://chancejs.com/) and
- consume this endpoint with `SWR` to render the information in the browser.

## Task

### Create the API

Create an api route which returns a character object with random values using `chance`.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Create the file structure `pages/api/random-character.js`.
- Switch to `pages/api/random-character.js`; write a handler function which
  - responds with a `200` status code and
  - with a character object containing random information (see example below);
  - parses the character object with the .json() method.
- To create random values, use `chance`:
  - import via `import Chance from "chance";`
  - create a new instance with `const chance = new Chance();`
  - create a `character` object and use the methods of `chance` like in the example below;
  - feel free to add keys as you wish: every character should have a [twitter name](https://chancejs.com/web/twitter.html) and a [geohash](https://chancejs.com/location/geohash.html), right?

```js
// example character object with random values
const character = {
  firstName: chance.first(),
  lastName: chance.last(),
  // ... some more keys here ...
};
```

Check your api route:

- run `npm run dev` and
- switch to the browser and open `/api/random-character`: you should now see the keys of the character object with random values.

### Create the Frontend

You have now prepared an api route responding with a random character – let's use it to display the data for the user!

- Switch to `pages/index.js`;
- Import the `useSWR` hook, write a fetcher for it and fetch the route `/api/random-character`.
- Adapt the return statement to display the `data` on screen.
- Open the browser: the home page under `/` should now show your fetched data!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`pages/index.js`](./pages/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. If this project contains tests, select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run start` to start the production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run dev` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/backend-api-routes/random-character/README.md, after:

# Backend Api Routes: Random Character

In this challenge, you will

- create an api route which returns a character object with random values using [the `chance` package](https://chancejs.com/) and
- consume this endpoint with `SWR` to render the information in the browser.

## Task

### Create the API

Create an api route which returns a character object with random values using `chance`.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Create the file structure `pages/api/random-character.js`.
- Switch to `pages/api/random-character.js`; write a handler function which
  - responds with a `200` status code and
  - with a character object containing random information (see example below);
  - parses the character object with the .json() method.
- To create random values, use `chance`:
  - import via `import Chance from "chance";`
  - create a new instance with `const chance = new Chance();`
  - create a `character` object and use the methods of `chance` like in the example below;
  - feel free to add keys as you wish: every character should have a [twitter name](https://chancejs.com/web/twitter.html) and a [geohash](https://chancejs.com/location/geohash.html), right?

```js
// example character object with random values
const character = {
  firstName: chance.first(),
  lastName: chance.last(),
  // ... some more keys here ...
};
```

Check your api route:

- run `npm run dev` and
- switch to the browser and open `/api/random-character`: you should now see the keys of the character object with random values.

### Create the Frontend

You have now prepared an api route responding with a random character – let's use it to display the data for the user!

- Switch to `pages/index.js`;
- Import the `useSWR` hook, write a fetcher for it and fetch the route `/api/random-character`.
- Adapt the return statement to display the `data` on screen.
- Open the browser: the home page under `/` should now show your fetched data!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./pages/index.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
