sessions/react-styled-components-2/lotr-app-styling/README.md, before:

# Styled Components: Lord of the Rings

In this challenge you will finally style the LotR-Fanpage with the help of `styled-components`!

> 💡 You can use this template as a starting point. But if you are far enough along with your own LotR-Fanpage App, please use that instead.

## Task

Use `styled-components` to create the design you can find in the [design files for the LotR-Fanpage](./README.md#resources).

Before you start, follow the instructions to add all necessary files to your project.

### Details Page

You might start with the details page. Note that the background colors for each volume are given in the `./lib/data.js` file.

How could one style a component depending on a prop again?

#### Google Font

There are font variables already prepared in the [styles.css file](./README.md#resources), but the design suggest to use the Lora font.

> 💡 `@next/font` is already preinstalled in this template.

- Import the Lora font into your `styles.js`.
- Create a variable to define the `subsets` and `style` key from Lora, like so:

```js
const lora = Lora({
  subsets: ["latin"],
  style: ["normal", "italic"],
});
```

- Finally, expand the `--font-family` variable to `${lora.style.fontFamily}, serif;`

You should now be able to use all font variables! 🎉

> 💡 If you get an error message, read it carefully: you might need to run `npm run dev` again and **save the styles file again** (without actually changing anything).

#### SVG

The [design files](./README.md#resources) also provide three svg files with arrows which you should have placed in an `icons` folder by now.

In order to use the SVGs as React components, you need to install the [npm package SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/docs/next/) first. Follow the instructions given in the docs.

To be sure how to adapt the `next.config.js` file, simply add the `webpack` function without a key:

```js
const nextConfig = {
  // {...}
  images: {
    domains: ["upload.wikimedia.org"],
  },
  webpack(config) {
    config.module.rules.push({
      test: /\.svg$/i,
      issuer: /\.[jt]sx?$/,
      use: ["@svgr/webpack"],
    });
    return config;
  },
};
```

### All Volumes Page

To create the box shadow of the books, you can use the predefined variables.

> 💡 If you are working in your own app, note that the random book button (bonus challenge of the last session) is not part of the design anymore. You can safely delete it.

### Dark Mode

Implement the light and dark mode theme. Use the predefined color variables.

- To make the `Link` component inherit the current theme color, use `color: unset`.

## Resources

⬇️ You can [download the design files and assets for the LotR-Fanpage App here](../../nextjs-basics-and-routing/lotr-app/design-resources.zip?raw=true).

- Unzip the file to get the resources folder.
- You can use the `[abc] Page [xyz].png` files as a reference for the design.
- If you like you can reference the original Figma design file: `lotr_app_design.fig`.
- The `variables.css` file contains the colors, fonts, and box shadows used in the design as CSS variables. Copy them into the `styles.js` of your project.
- Use the `arrow-left.svg`, `arrow-right.svg`, and `chevron-left.svg` files for the respective icon buttons. Place them in an `icons` folder at the root of your project and import them in your components directly. You can use the [npm package SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/docs/next/) for that.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Commit message:

fix: add ghcd command to lotr-app-styling

sessions/react-styled-components-2/lotr-app-styling/README.md, after:

# Styled Components: Lord of the Rings

In this challenge you will finally style the LotR-Fanpage with the help of `styled-components`!

> 💡 You can use this template as a starting point. But if you are far enough along with your own LotR-Fanpage App, please use that instead.

## Task

Use `styled-components` to create the design you can find in the [design files for the LotR-Fanpage](./README.md#resources).

Before you start, follow the instructions to add all necessary files to your project.

### Details Page

You might start with the details page. Note that the background colors for each volume are given in the `./lib/data.js` file.

How could one style a component depending on a prop again?

#### Google Font

There are font variables already prepared in the [styles.css file](./README.md#resources), but the design suggest to use the Lora font.

> 💡 `@next/font` is already preinstalled in this template.

- Import the Lora font into your `styles.js`.
- Create a variable to define the `subsets` and `style` key from Lora, like so:

```js
const lora = Lora({
  subsets: ["latin"],
  style: ["normal", "italic"],
});
```

- Finally, expand the `--font-family` variable to `${lora.style.fontFamily}, serif;`

You should now be able to use all font variables! 🎉

> 💡 If you get an error message, read it carefully: you might need to run `npm run dev` again and **save the styles file again** (without actually changing anything).

#### SVG

The [design files](./README.md#resources) also provide three svg files with arrows which you should have placed in an `icons` folder by now.

In order to use the SVGs as React components, you need to install the [npm package SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/docs/next/) first. Follow the instructions given in the docs.

To be sure how to adapt the `next.config.js` file, simply add the `webpack` function without a key:

```js
const nextConfig = {
  // {...}
  images: {
    domains: ["upload.wikimedia.org"],
  },
  webpack(config) {
    config.module.rules.push({
      test: /\.svg$/i,
      issuer: /\.[jt]sx?$/,
      use: ["@svgr/webpack"],
    });
    return config;
  },
};
```

### All Volumes Page

To create the box shadow of the books, you can use the predefined variables.

> 💡 If you are working in your own app, note that the random book button (bonus challenge of the last session) is not part of the design anymore. You can safely delete it.

### Dark Mode

Implement the light and dark mode theme. Use the predefined color variables.

- To make the `Link` component inherit the current theme color, use `color: unset`.

## Resources

⬇️ You can [download the design files and assets for the LotR-Fanpage App by using this command **inside your project folder**:

```bash
npx ghcd@latest neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/sessions/nextjs-basics-and-routing/lotr-app/design-resources design-resources
```

- You can use the `[abc] Page [xyz].png` files as a reference for the design.
- If you like you can reference the original Figma design file: `lotr_app_design.fig`.
- The `variables.css` file contains the colors, fonts, and box shadows used in the design as CSS variables. Copy them into the `styles.js` of your project.
- Use the `arrow-left.svg`, `arrow-right.svg`, and `chevron-left.svg` files for the respective icon buttons. Place them in an `icons` folder at the root of your project and import them in your components directly. You can use the [npm package SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/docs/next/) for that.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
