sessions/react-with-local-storage/dice/README.md, before:

# React with Local Storage: Dice 🎲

This dice rolling app rolls a die (d6 = six sided die). Now you want to show recent dice rolls in a list and store them in local storage.

## Task

### Lifting State Up

Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) and [`src/components/D6Button/index.js`](./src/components/D6Button/index.js) files.

Lift up the `rolls` state into the `App` component.

#### Change the `D6Button` component

The `D6Button` component should have the following props:

- `value` which represents the current roll value (because the button only needs to know the most recent value)
- `onRoll` which is a function that get called on roll (when the button is clicked)

> 💡 When designing the interface of your component (which props it has), think about what the component needs to know to function properly. In this case the component only needs to know the current value it should show, and a function that gets called when the button is clicked. Hence you should not pass the whole `rolls` array to the component.

#### Change the `App` component

The `App` component should now hold the state, define the `handleRoll` function and derive the `currentRollValue` from the `rolls` state.

- `handleRoll` should be passed to `onRoll` of the `<D6Button />`
- `currentRollValue` should be passed to `value` of the `<D6Button />`

Make sure everything still works as expected.

Now pass the `rolls` down to the `History` component as well (replace `rolls={[]}`).

> ✨ You should now see the list of recent rolls in the History component.

### Local Storage

Install `use-local-storage-state` via npm. Import the `useLocalStorageState` hook and use it to store the `rolls` in local storage.

> ✨ You now have a persistent dice rolling app!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) and [`src/components/D6Button/index.js`](./src/components/D6Button/index.js) files.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

migrate all sessions using migration script

sessions/react-with-local-storage/dice/README.md, after:

# React with Local Storage: Dice 🎲

This dice rolling app rolls a die (d6 = six sided die). Now you want to show recent dice rolls in a list and store them in local storage.

## Task

### Lifting State Up

Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) and [`src/components/D6Button/index.js`](./src/components/D6Button/index.js) files.

Lift up the `rolls` state into the `App` component.

#### Change the `D6Button` component

The `D6Button` component should have the following props:

- `value` which represents the current roll value (because the button only needs to know the most recent value)
- `onRoll` which is a function that get called on roll (when the button is clicked)

> 💡 When designing the interface of your component (which props it has), think about what the component needs to know to function properly. In this case the component only needs to know the current value it should show, and a function that gets called when the button is clicked. Hence you should not pass the whole `rolls` array to the component.

#### Change the `App` component

The `App` component should now hold the state, define the `handleRoll` function and derive the `currentRollValue` from the `rolls` state.

- `handleRoll` should be passed to `onRoll` of the `<D6Button />`
- `currentRollValue` should be passed to `value` of the `<D6Button />`

Make sure everything still works as expected.

Now pass the `rolls` down to the `History` component as well (replace `rolls={[]}`).

> ✨ You should now see the list of recent rolls in the History component.

### Local Storage

Install `use-local-storage-state` via npm. Import the `useLocalStorageState` hook and use it to store the `rolls` in local storage.

> ✨ You now have a persistent dice rolling app!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) and [`src/components/D6Button/index.js`](./src/components/D6Button/index.js) files.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
