sessions/react-immutable-state/form/README.md, before:

# React Immutable State: Form

In this challenge you will move mountains - well, at least figuratively.

## Task

- Start the development server and make yourself familiar with the application.
- Open your browser and try to edit the text in the input fields. It won't work.
- Check the [`Form component`](components/Form/index.js): The three input fields have predefined values, but you cannot change them yet.
- Your task is to write the logic for the `handle` functions in order to update the state accordingly.

> 💡 The `Form` component uses "controlled components" for the inputs. It has a state to constantly store the input values. It re-renders on every change of an input to refresh the value displayed in the UI.
>
> This is in contrast to the approach using "uncontrolled components", that we have seen mostly. Here the input values get stored in state when the form is submitted.

### Updating with Spread Syntax

Write the logic for `handleNameChange`, `handleAltitudeChange`, and `handleMountainRangeChange`.

- Check the structure of the `mountain` object in state. It contains two keys: the `name` as string and the `values` object.
- Use `setMountain` to assign `event.target.value` to its corresponding key in the state. Make sure to create a copy of the `mountain` object when setting a new state.
- Note that the `altitude` and `mountainRange` keys are not at the top level of the `mountain` object; looks like you need to make a copy of this second level as well before you assign any new value.

> ✨ You should now be able to change the values of the input fields and see these changes in the output area at the bottom.

### Bonus: Updating with the `useImmer` hook

Updating complex states can quickly become difficult. This is where the `useImmer` hook comes in handy.

Refactor the `handle` functions with the help of the `useImmer` hook.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- `immer` and `useImmer` are already installed, so you just have to import the `useImmer` hook into the [`Form`](components/Form/index.js) component.
- Update the state declaration: change `setMountain` to `updateMountain` and `useState({...})` to `useImmer({...})`.
- Rewrite the `handle` functions: use the `draft` object and dot-notation to reach the keys to which you want to assign a new value.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`components/Form/index.js`](./components/Form/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. If this project contains tests, select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

> 💡 Please note that Next.js support on CodeSandbox is not great.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run start` to start the production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run dev` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-immutable-state/form/README.md, after:

# React Immutable State: Form

In this challenge you will move mountains - well, at least figuratively.

## Task

- Start the development server and make yourself familiar with the application.
- Open your browser and try to edit the text in the input fields. It won't work.
- Check the [`Form component`](components/Form/index.js): The three input fields have predefined values, but you cannot change them yet.
- Your task is to write the logic for the `handle` functions in order to update the state accordingly.

> 💡 The `Form` component uses "controlled components" for the inputs. It has a state to constantly store the input values. It re-renders on every change of an input to refresh the value displayed in the UI.
>
> This is in contrast to the approach using "uncontrolled components", that we have seen mostly. Here the input values get stored in state when the form is submitted.

### Updating with Spread Syntax

Write the logic for `handleNameChange`, `handleAltitudeChange`, and `handleMountainRangeChange`.

- Check the structure of the `mountain` object in state. It contains two keys: the `name` as string and the `values` object.
- Use `setMountain` to assign `event.target.value` to its corresponding key in the state. Make sure to create a copy of the `mountain` object when setting a new state.
- Note that the `altitude` and `mountainRange` keys are not at the top level of the `mountain` object; looks like you need to make a copy of this second level as well before you assign any new value.

> ✨ You should now be able to change the values of the input fields and see these changes in the output area at the bottom.

### Bonus: Updating with the `useImmer` hook

Updating complex states can quickly become difficult. This is where the `useImmer` hook comes in handy.

Refactor the `handle` functions with the help of the `useImmer` hook.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- `immer` and `useImmer` are already installed, so you just have to import the `useImmer` hook into the [`Form`](components/Form/index.js) component.
- Update the state declaration: change `setMountain` to `updateMountain` and `useState({...})` to `useImmer({...})`.
- Rewrite the `handle` functions: use the `draft` object and dot-notation to reach the keys to which you want to assign a new value.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./components/Form/index.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
