sessions/js-unit-testing/people/README.md, before:

# JS Unit Testing with People

This exercise lets you perform Test Driven Development: writing the test first and implement the function afterwards. Let's do it!

## Task

Have a look at the following files:

- the [index.js](index.js) exports a couple of functions, but the implementation is missing (except the first one).
- the [index.test.js](index.test.js) imports these functions; there is a `people` array you can use for testing your functions. Finally, the test cases are predefined, but not yet implemented (except the first one).

Read the description of the test cases very carefully to understand what these functions are supposed to return. Use the first function `getFirstNames()` as reference.

Note the matcher `toEqual` here: it is used to compare object instances (instead of comparing primitive values with `toBe()`, see [the Jest docs](https://jestjs.io/docs/expect#toequalvalue)).

Your task is to write the test first and implement the function afterwards. Let's make all tests green!

## Notes

- Make sure to run `npm install` first.
- You can run the test watch mode via the command `npm run test`.
  - Note that all tests are green at the beginning; as soon as you have defined an expectation, the test turns red and you can start implementing the function to make the test pass correctly.
- In most cases, you will want to use `toEqual`as a matcher.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

This project is JavaScript only so there is nothing to view in the "Browser" tab. Please select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to run the main JavaScript file using `node`
- `npm run test` to run the tests once
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

> 💡 Since this project is JavaScript only there is nothing to preview in the browser. Use `npm run test` to check your progress or `npm run start` to run the code.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-unit-testing/people/README.md, after:

# JS Unit Testing with People

This exercise lets you perform Test Driven Development: writing the test first and implement the function afterwards. Let's do it!

## Task

Have a look at the following files:

- the [index.js](index.js) exports a couple of functions, but the implementation is missing (except the first one).
- the [index.test.js](index.test.js) imports these functions; there is a `people` array you can use for testing your functions. Finally, the test cases are predefined, but not yet implemented (except the first one).

Read the description of the test cases very carefully to understand what these functions are supposed to return. Use the first function `getFirstNames()` as reference.

Note the matcher `toEqual` here: it is used to compare object instances (instead of comparing primitive values with `toBe()`, see [the Jest docs](https://jestjs.io/docs/expect#toequalvalue)).

Your task is to write the test first and implement the function afterwards. Let's make all tests green!

## Notes

- Make sure to run `npm install` first.
- You can run the test watch mode via the command `npm run test`.
  - Note that all tests are green at the beginning; as soon as you have defined an expectation, the test turns red and you can start implementing the function to make the test pass correctly.
- In most cases, you will want to use `toEqual`as a matcher.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
