sessions/react-data-fetching/iss-tracker/README.md, before:

# React Data Fetching: ISS Tracker

<!--

Describe the exercise in a few sentences. E.g.:

This challenge offers a simple form with three input fields. Let's make it interactive using React!

-->

## Task

<!--

Explaining the task in detail. E.g.:

Use an event handler to react to the form submission.

Log all form data (in object form) into the console in the submit event handler.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Hint 1
- Hint 2
- ...

Switch to the [`pages/index.js`](./pages/index.js) file and make something great happen!

-->

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`pages/index.js`](./pages/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. If this project contains tests, select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run start` to start the production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run dev` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

finish iss tracker challenge with swr

sessions/react-data-fetching/iss-tracker/README.md, after:

# React Data Fetching: ISS Tracker

This challenge asks you to refactor the existing code of the ISS Tracker to use `SWR`.
You will need to fetch on interval and refetch on click of a button.

## Task

- Start the development server and make yourself familiar with the application.
- Switch to the [`App component`](./pages/index.js): it features a `coords` state, a `getISSCoords` function and a `useEffect` to fetch data on interval.

### Fetching on load

- Comment out all unnecessary code:

  - the `coords` state,
  - the `getISSCoords` function,
  - the `useEffect`,
  - for now: the `onRefresh` prop passed to the `Controls` component (you will adapt this in a minute).

- Implement `SWR` to fetch the same data.

  - `SWR` is already installed, so you just have to import it.
  - Create a loading and an error state as well.
  - Remember to adapt the `fetcher` function to create a proper `error` state [as explained in the SWR docs](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/error-handling#status-code-and-error-object).
  - Note: `SWR` needs you to destructure a `data` object, but the `Map` and `Controls` component need a `coords` object passed to their props; how can you simply fix this naming issue without touching the props?

✨ You should now see the exact position of the ISS again when refreshing the page!

### Implement interval

- Refetch the data of the ISS on an interval of 5 seconds. [See the SWR docs](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/revalidation#revalidate-on-interval) to find help how to do it.

### Refetch on button click

The only thing not working yet is the "Refresh" button because the `getISSCords` function does not exist anymore.

- Destructure the `mutate` function provided by the `useSWR` hook.
- Pass it to the `onRefresh` prop of the `Controls` component. You can use an inline function as in `onReload={() => handleReload()}`.

✨ Congratulations, you can now see the exact position of the ISS whenever you want with the help of `SWR`!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`pages/index.js`](./pages/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. If this project contains tests, select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run start` to start the production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run dev` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.
