sessions/css-structure/custom-properties/README.md, before:

# CSS Structure: Custom Properties

The CSS code in this challenge has multiple references to three different colors. Make use of custom properties (variables) to extract them.

## Task

Check the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file and find the three colors that are used multiple times. Unfortunately not all references to the same color use the same syntax.

Create a new `:root` selector and define three custom properties (variables) for the three colors. Use the following property names:

- "--color-granite" for the dark gray
- "--color-nemo" for the orange
- "--color-foam" for the white

> 💡 Use a consistent `--color-<name>` naming for your properties.  
> Make sure that all colors use the same syntax (e.g. hex `#ffffff` or `rgb()`).

Replace all references to the colors with the custom properties (variables) you have created.

Make sure that everything still looks the same as before.

> 💡 Use the [CSS Variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_custom_properties) (`var()`) syntax.

Switch to the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file create some custom properties!

## Bonus

Check the stylesheet for other values that might warrant extraction. One example may be the border radius of `4px`. But you might find other things, too like letter spacing, spaces (8px, 16px, 32px), etc..

> 💡 Not everything should be a custom property. Only extract values that are **used multiple times** and that might **change together**.

> 💡 It's good practice to name your custom properties (variables) in a way that makes it clear what they are used for. For example, if you have a custom property for the border radius, you might call it `--border-radius-small`, etc..

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/css-structure/custom-properties/README.md, after:

# CSS Structure: Custom Properties

The CSS code in this challenge has multiple references to three different colors. Make use of custom properties (variables) to extract them.

## Task

Check the `./css/styles.css` file and find the three colors that are used multiple times. Unfortunately not all references to the same color use the same syntax.

Create a new `:root` selector and define three custom properties (variables) for the three colors. Use the following property names:

- "--color-granite" for the dark gray
- "--color-nemo" for the orange
- "--color-foam" for the white

> 💡 Use a consistent `--color-<name>` naming for your properties.  
> Make sure that all colors use the same syntax (e.g. hex `#ffffff` or `rgb()`).

Replace all references to the colors with the custom properties (variables) you have created.

Make sure that everything still looks the same as before.

> 💡 Use the [CSS Variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_custom_properties) (`var()`) syntax.

Switch to the `./css/styles.css` file create some custom properties!

## Bonus

Check the stylesheet for other values that might warrant extraction. One example may be the border radius of `4px`. But you might find other things, too like letter spacing, spaces (8px, 16px, 32px), etc..

> 💡 Not everything should be a custom property. Only extract values that are **used multiple times** and that might **change together**.

> 💡 It's good practice to name your custom properties (variables) in a way that makes it clear what they are used for. For example, if you have a custom property for the border radius, you might call it `--border-radius-small`, etc..

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./css/styles.css` file.

## Development

### Local Development

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
