sessions/nextjs-dynamic-routes/lotr-app-dynamic-routes/README.md, before:

# Next.js Dynamic Routes: Lord of the Rings App Dynamic Routes

Currently, the overview about the Lord of the Rings volumes is done with static routing. You are going to refactor the code with dynamic routes as well as links. Finally, you will create a button to navigate to a random volume.

## Task

### Refactor: Dynamic Routes

Refactor the static routes of the volume detail pages so that they use dynamic routes instead.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Create a `[slug].js` file in the `volumes` folder. This file will eventually replace the static volume detail pages.
- Inside of `[slug].js` recreate the `VolumeDetail` component which returns the same elements as the static version of the component. Adjust the code so that the content is now based around the `slug` from the `router.query` object.

### Refactor: Link to the Dynamic Routes

Refactor the volumes overview and create the links dynamically from the `volumes` array.

### Random Volume

On the volume overview page, create a button to navigate to a random volume.

This function will help you to get a random element from an array:

```js
function getRandomElement(array) {
  return array[Math.floor(Math.random() * array.length)];
}
```

> 💡 You will need to use `router.push()` in the event handler function.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. If this project contains tests, select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

> 💡 Please note that Next.js support on CodeSandbox is not great.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run start` to start the production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run dev` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/nextjs-dynamic-routes/lotr-app-dynamic-routes/README.md, after:

# Next.js Dynamic Routes: Lord of the Rings App Dynamic Routes

Currently, the overview about the Lord of the Rings volumes is done with static routing. You are going to refactor the code with dynamic routes as well as links. Finally, you will create a button to navigate to a random volume.

## Task

### Refactor: Dynamic Routes

Refactor the static routes of the volume detail pages so that they use dynamic routes instead.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Create a `[slug].js` file in the `volumes` folder. This file will eventually replace the static volume detail pages.
- Inside of `[slug].js` recreate the `VolumeDetail` component which returns the same elements as the static version of the component. Adjust the code so that the content is now based around the `slug` from the `router.query` object.

### Refactor: Link to the Dynamic Routes

Refactor the volumes overview and create the links dynamically from the `volumes` array.

### Random Volume

On the volume overview page, create a button to navigate to a random volume.

This function will help you to get a random element from an array:

```js
function getRandomElement(array) {
  return array[Math.floor(Math.random() * array.length)];
}
```

> 💡 You will need to use `router.push()` in the event handler function.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
