sessions/js-loops/while-random-number/README.md, before:

# `while` loop

In contrast to for loops, a `while` loop does not need to know how many times it will run in advance. It will run if a condition is met, and will stop otherwise.

Let's create a couple of random numbers and stop if they grow too big!

## Task

Looking at the [`index.js`](./index.js), there are two variables:

- `number`: a random number, set in each iteration of the while loop
- `count`: the number of iterations, increased by 1 everytime the while loop runs

Create a `while` loop that

- runs if `number` is less or equal to 0.9,
- increments `count` by 1 in each iteration
- logs `number` to the console
- sets `number` to a random number; you can use `Math.random()` here.

If you're done, test your loop by refreshing the browser several times and watching the console!

Please switch to the [`index.js`](./index.js) file and be random!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

This project is JavaScript only so there is nothing to view in the "Browser" tab. Please select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to run the main JavaScript file using `node`
- `npm run test` to run the tests once
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

> 💡 Since this project is JavaScript only there is nothing to preview in the browser. Use `npm run test` to check your progress or `npm run start` to run the code.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-loops/while-random-number/README.md, after:

# `while` loop

In contrast to for loops, a `while` loop does not need to know how many times it will run in advance. It will run if a condition is met, and will stop otherwise.

Let's create a couple of random numbers and stop if they grow too big!

## Task

Looking at the `./index.js`, there are two variables:

- `number`: a random number, set in each iteration of the while loop
- `count`: the number of iterations, increased by 1 everytime the while loop runs

Create a `while` loop that

- runs if `number` is less or equal to 0.9,
- increments `count` by 1 in each iteration
- logs `number` to the console
- sets `number` to a random number; you can use `Math.random()` here.

If you're done, test your loop by refreshing the browser several times and watching the console!

Please switch to the `./index.js` file and be random!

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
