sessions/react-global-state/lights/README.md, before:

# React Global State: Lights

In this challenge you will automate the lights in your house… well, at least in your browser.

## Task

- Start the development server and make yourself familiar with the application.
- Notice that the lights are working as expected but the count of turned on lights on the home page (`/`) is not and the buttons on the `/actions` page are not working.

### Lifting State Up

- The count of turned on lights on the home page (`/`) is not working because the state is not shared between the components.
- To make the state of the `Light` components available to the `HomePage` component (`pages/index.js`), you need to lift the state up to the `App` component (`pages/_app.js`).
- In doing so, you will need to find a new way to represent the state of the lights. You can use an array of objects with a `name`, `isOn` and `id` property.
- Change `Light` component to receive at least `isOn`, `name`, `onToggle` as props and remove the internal state from the component.
- Change the `Lights` component to render the lights dynamically based on the array in state (`.map`). You'll need to pass the array down through props.
- Create a function to toggle the `isOn` property of a light based on its `id` and pass the handler function down to the `Light` components.
- In the `Lights` component pass down the `onToggle` prop to the `Light` component using an inline function to pass in the `id` of the light:

  ```js
  onToggle={() => handleToggle(light.id)}
  ```

  This of course depends on the name of the handle function you choose.

> 💡 Just pick any `id`s you want for the lights. `"1"`, `"2"`, `"3"`,… is probably the easiest.

> ✨ Your app should now work as it did before, but the state is now shared between the components.

### Counting the Lights

- The count of turned on lights on the home page (`/`) is still not working.
- Create a value derived from the state and use it to display the count of turned on lights on the home page (`/`).

> 💡 To derive a value from state you do **not** need state or effects.

### Creating the Quick Actions

- The buttons on the `/actions` page are also not yet functional.
- Create two handler functions to toggle all lights on and off.
- Pass them down to the `QuickActions` component and use them to toggle all lights on and off.
- Bonus: Make the `Button`s `disabled` if their action would not do anything:
  - "Turn all lights off" should be disabled if all lights are off
  - "Turn all lights on" should be disabled if all lights are on

### Bonus: Dimming the Background

- The `Layout` component accepts a `isDimmed` prop that can be used to dim the background.
- Set the `isDimmed` prop to `true` if all lights are turned off. 🌚

## Notes

- You'll have to touch the files inside `components` and `pages`. All the styles are already done, so you can focus on the functional parts.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. If this project contains tests, select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

> 💡 Please note that Next.js support on CodeSandbox is not great.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run start` to start the production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run dev` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-global-state/lights/README.md, after:

# React Global State: Lights

In this challenge you will automate the lights in your house… well, at least in your browser.

## Task

- Start the development server and make yourself familiar with the application.
- Notice that the lights are working as expected but the count of turned on lights on the home page (`/`) is not and the buttons on the `/actions` page are not working.

### Lifting State Up

- The count of turned on lights on the home page (`/`) is not working because the state is not shared between the components.
- To make the state of the `Light` components available to the `HomePage` component (`pages/index.js`), you need to lift the state up to the `App` component (`pages/_app.js`).
- In doing so, you will need to find a new way to represent the state of the lights. You can use an array of objects with a `name`, `isOn` and `id` property.
- Change `Light` component to receive at least `isOn`, `name`, `onToggle` as props and remove the internal state from the component.
- Change the `Lights` component to render the lights dynamically based on the array in state (`.map`). You'll need to pass the array down through props.
- Create a function to toggle the `isOn` property of a light based on its `id` and pass the handler function down to the `Light` components.
- In the `Lights` component pass down the `onToggle` prop to the `Light` component using an inline function to pass in the `id` of the light:

  ```js
  onToggle={() => handleToggle(light.id)}
  ```

  This of course depends on the name of the handle function you choose.

> 💡 Just pick any `id`s you want for the lights. `"1"`, `"2"`, `"3"`,… is probably the easiest.

> ✨ Your app should now work as it did before, but the state is now shared between the components.

### Counting the Lights

- The count of turned on lights on the home page (`/`) is still not working.
- Create a value derived from the state and use it to display the count of turned on lights on the home page (`/`).

> 💡 To derive a value from state you do **not** need state or effects.

### Creating the Quick Actions

- The buttons on the `/actions` page are also not yet functional.
- Create two handler functions to toggle all lights on and off.
- Pass them down to the `QuickActions` component and use them to toggle all lights on and off.
- Bonus: Make the `Button`s `disabled` if their action would not do anything:
  - "Turn all lights off" should be disabled if all lights are off
  - "Turn all lights on" should be disabled if all lights are on

### Bonus: Dimming the Background

- The `Layout` component accepts a `isDimmed` prop that can be used to dim the background.
- Set the `isDimmed` prop to `true` if all lights are turned off. 🌚

## Notes

- You'll have to touch the files inside `components` and `pages`. All the styles are already done, so you can focus on the functional parts.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
