sessions/react-props/smiley/README.md, before:

# Smiley

Props are versatile: you cannot only pass strings or numbers, but a boolean value as well! Let's use this feature to render smileys ;)

## Task

Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: the `App` component returns a heading which wants to be replaced by a component. Your task is to write a `Smiley` component which renders a smiley depending on a prop called `isHappy`.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Write the `Smiley` component inside of the [`App.js`](src/App.js).
  - It accepts a prop called `isHappy` (make sure to destructure it).
  - It returns a semantic HTML element which renders a happy smiley if `isHappy` is `true` and a sad one if its value is `false`.
- Inside of the return statement of your `App` component, replace the heading with your `Smiley` component and pass it the `isHappy` prop (– or don't, if you want to display the unhappy smiley).

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

migrate all sessions using migration script

sessions/react-props/smiley/README.md, after:

# Smiley

Props are versatile: you cannot only pass strings or numbers, but a boolean value as well! Let's use this feature to render smileys ;)

## Task

Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: the `App` component returns a heading which wants to be replaced by a component. Your task is to write a `Smiley` component which renders a smiley depending on a prop called `isHappy`.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Write the `Smiley` component inside of the [`App.js`](src/App.js).
  - It accepts a prop called `isHappy` (make sure to destructure it).
  - It returns a semantic HTML element which renders a happy smiley if `isHappy` is `true` and a sad one if its value is `false`.
- Inside of the return statement of your `App` component, replace the heading with your `Smiley` component and pass it the `isHappy` prop (– or don't, if you want to display the unhappy smiley).

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
