sessions/react-state/counter/README.md, before:

# React State: Counter

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) you'll find the basic building blocks of a counter.

The general idea here is that the counter should count up when the plus button is clicked, and count down when the minus button is clicked.

Currently, the value `0` is hardcoded and doesn't respond to the buttons being clicked.

## Task

Refactor the code so that it features React state and makes use of it. Declare a state variable and make sure to have the buttons update said state variable.

You can use the following hints as a guideline:

- `let` doesn't seem to be the appropriate way to declare a variable in this instance.
- Is there a built-in React function you can use instead?
  - Make sure to import said function.
- At present, the `<button>`s' event handler is logging an emoji to the console.
  - Clearly, the event handler should be handling a different type of functionality.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state/counter/README.md, after:

# React State: Counter

In the `./src/App.js` you'll find the basic building blocks of a counter.

The general idea here is that the counter should count up when the plus button is clicked, and count down when the minus button is clicked.

Currently, the value `0` is hardcoded and doesn't respond to the buttons being clicked.

## Task

Refactor the code so that it features React state and makes use of it. Declare a state variable and make sure to have the buttons update said state variable.

You can use the following hints as a guideline:

- `let` doesn't seem to be the appropriate way to declare a variable in this instance.
- Is there a built-in React function you can use instead?
  - Make sure to import said function.
- At present, the `<button>`s' event handler is logging an emoji to the console.
  - Clearly, the event handler should be handling a different type of functionality.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./src/App.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
