sessions/js-objects-and-arrays/objects-and-arrays/README.md, before:

# Objects and Arrays

In this exercise, you will encounter the following tasks:

- assign a variable to a value of an array with several objects,
- the value can correspond to a simple data type as well as to an array or object.

If you want to check whether you solved the tasks correctly, open the "Tests" tab of Codesandbox.

The exact task can be found in the respective exercises.

Please switch to the index.js file to start the exercises. You will find the exact tasks there.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Commit message:

change the description on how to run the test

sessions/js-objects-and-arrays/objects-and-arrays/README.md, after:

# Objects and Arrays

In this exercise, you will encounter the following tasks:

- assign a variable to a value of an array with several objects,
- the value can correspond to a simple data type as well as to an array or object.

If you want to check whether you solved the tasks correctly, run the test following the steps described on "Local Development".

The exact task can be found in the respective exercises.

Please switch to the index.js file to start the exercises. You will find the exact tasks there.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
