sessions/react-state-2/personal-details/README.md, before:

# React State 2: Personal Details

In this challenge, there is a `Form` component which should handle entered data on submit. Below the form, the submitted data should be displayed.

Unfortunately, hitting the submit button does not do anything. Since you are looking at components now, you will need to lift state up to make the app work.

## Task

### 1. Setting State on Submit

Let's start by fixing the submit event first. Switch to the [`src/components/Form.js`](./src/components/Form.js) file; there already are two states called `name` and `email` and a `handleSubmit` function.

1. Extend the `handleSubmit` function to set the `name` and `email` state to its corresponding form field values.
2. Reset the form after submit.

### 2. Lifting State up

🎉 Congratulations, the submit works and the data is stored in state variables!

Unfortunately, the submitted details are not dynamically displayed in the [`App` component](./src/App.js) because the state only lives in the `Form` component.

Refactor the code so that

1. on submitting the form, the entered data is available in the `App` component and
2. the submitted data are dynamically displayed in the respective output area.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Lift both states up to the `App` component.
- Write a `handleCreateUser` function which receives the two parameters `name` and `email` and uses them to set both state variables.
- Pass `handleCreateUser` to the `Form` component:
  - Hint: `onDelete={handleDelete}`
  - Make sure to receive the prop inside of the `Form` component.
- Refactor the `handleSubmit` function so that it calls `onCreateUser` with the correct values of the form fields as arguments.
- Go back to the `App` component and display both states in the respective output fields below the `Form` component.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) and [`src/components/Form.js`](./src/components/Form.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state-2/personal-details/README.md, after:

# React State 2: Personal Details

In this challenge, there is a `Form` component which should handle entered data on submit. Below the form, the submitted data should be displayed.

Unfortunately, hitting the submit button does not do anything. Since you are looking at components now, you will need to lift state up to make the app work.

## Task

### 1. Setting State on Submit

Let's start by fixing the submit event first. Switch to the `./src/components/Form.js` file; there already are two states called `name` and `email` and a `handleSubmit` function.

1. Extend the `handleSubmit` function to set the `name` and `email` state to its corresponding form field values.
2. Reset the form after submit.

### 2. Lifting State up

🎉 Congratulations, the submit works and the data is stored in state variables!

Unfortunately, the submitted details are not dynamically displayed in the [`App` component](./src/App.js) because the state only lives in the `Form` component.

Refactor the code so that

1. on submitting the form, the entered data is available in the `App` component and
2. the submitted data are dynamically displayed in the respective output area.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Lift both states up to the `App` component.
- Write a `handleCreateUser` function which receives the two parameters `name` and `email` and uses them to set both state variables.
- Pass `handleCreateUser` to the `Form` component:
  - Hint: `onDelete={handleDelete}`
  - Make sure to receive the prop inside of the `Form` component.
- Refactor the `handleSubmit` function so that it calls `onCreateUser` with the correct values of the form fields as arguments.
- Go back to the `App` component and display both states in the respective output fields below the `Form` component.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./src/App.js` and `./src/components/Form.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
