sessions/react-basics/attributes/README.md, before:

# HTML Attributes in React

By now, you are familiar with rendering HTML in React and how to extract this HTML into a custom component.

Let's now focus on HTML attributes in JSX and the (minor) differences to normal HTML.

Have a look at the [App.js](./src/App.js) file: you will find the `App` returning a single `<div>`.

## Task

Write an `Article` component and use it to replace the given `<div>`.

Your component should contain the following parts:

- an `<article>` as a wrapper HTML element with the class `article`
- an `<h2>` with the class `article__title` and a text of your choice
- a `<label>` and `<input>` tag connected with `id` and `htmlFor` (!) attributes
- an `<a>` tag with the class `article__link` as well as text content and `href` attribute of your choice (What about a Wikipedia article?)

## Notes

- You rendered Article component does not have any styling? Remember that you need to use `className` instead of `class` in JSX.
- You only have to touch the [App.js](src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-basics/attributes/README.md, after:

# HTML Attributes in React

By now, you are familiar with rendering HTML in React and how to extract this HTML into a custom component.

Let's now focus on HTML attributes in JSX and the (minor) differences to normal HTML.

Have a look at the [App.js](./src/App.js) file: you will find the `App` returning a single `<div>`.

## Task

Write an `Article` component and use it to replace the given `<div>`.

Your component should contain the following parts:

- an `<article>` as a wrapper HTML element with the class `article`
- an `<h2>` with the class `article__title` and a text of your choice
- a `<label>` and `<input>` tag connected with `id` and `htmlFor` (!) attributes
- an `<a>` tag with the class `article__link` as well as text content and `href` attribute of your choice (What about a Wikipedia article?)

## Notes

- You rendered Article component does not have any styling? Remember that you need to use `className` instead of `class` in JSX.
- You only have to touch the [App.js](src/App.js) file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
