sessions/react-with-arrays/users/README.md, before:

# React Arrays: Users

The [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file should dynamically display a card for each of the nine `USERS` imported from the `db.js` file.

For now, however, there is only one card. Let's fix this with our newly acquired knowledge about arrays in React.

After that, you can implement two more features to make the user overview even more shiny!

## Task

1. Use `Array.map` to create a card for each user in the `USERS` array. Make sure to add a unique key to each card.

2) Switch to the card component and use `Array.map` to create a `Tag` for each role in the roles array of a user. Make sure to add a unique key to each tag - in this instance, feel free to use the role itself as a key.

3. At last, refactor the `Tag` component: it should receive an additional class called 'Tag--highlight' if the `tag` prop equals the string 'admin' (compare the `Tag.css` file).

## Notes

- You only have to touch the files [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js), [`src/Card.js`](./src/Card.js), and [`src/Tag.js`](./src/Tag.js).

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-with-arrays/users/README.md, after:

# React Arrays: Users

The `./src/App.js` file should dynamically display a card for each of the nine `USERS` imported from the `db.js` file.

For now, however, there is only one card. Let's fix this with our newly acquired knowledge about arrays in React.

After that, you can implement two more features to make the user overview even more shiny!

## Task

1. Use `Array.map` to create a card for each user in the `USERS` array. Make sure to add a unique key to each card.

2) Switch to the card component and use `Array.map` to create a `Tag` for each role in the roles array of a user. Make sure to add a unique key to each tag - in this instance, feel free to use the role itself as a key.

3. At last, refactor the `Tag` component: it should receive an additional class called 'Tag--highlight' if the `tag` prop equals the string 'admin' (compare the `Tag.css` file).

## Notes

- You only have to touch the files `./src/App.js`, `./src/Card.js`, and `./src/Tag.js`.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
