sessions/react-nesting/fragments/README.md, before:

# React Nesting: Fragments

A React component can only return one single element at the top level. Using a `<div>` sounds like a neutral choice, but can destroy the layout.

Let's dive into it and see how React fragments can help here!

## Task

Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: there is a `<main>` element containing three `Box` components with different colors.

Note that the `<main>` wrapper is a flex container which is why the `Box` components are aligned horizontically.

Task: Outsource the three `Box` components to a `Boxes` component.

- In the `App.js` file, create a `Boxes` component which
  - returns the same three `Box` components as given above.
  - For now, use a `<div>` component as a wrapper in the return statement of the `Boxes` component.
- In the `App` component, replace the three `Box` components with the `Boxes` component.

Check the browser: the boxes are now vertically aligned! 😱

The reason is this: a flexbox refers only to its direct child elements; however, using a `<div>` element in `Boxes` creates a new layer so that the three `Box` elements are no longer flex items!

Use the developer tools of your browser to check this fact.

To fix this, replace the `<div>` with fragments `<></>`: they won't create an HTML element and thus break the layout!

🎉 Congratulations, you have seen the basic reason why and how to use React fragments!

> 💡 Layout with flexbox is not the only reason for using fragments, but it's an easy-to-understand example. In general, fragments are a great way to avoid unnecessary `<div>` clutter.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-nesting/fragments/README.md, after:

# React Nesting: Fragments

A React component can only return one single element at the top level. Using a `<div>` sounds like a neutral choice, but can destroy the layout.

Let's dive into it and see how React fragments can help here!

## Task

Look at the `./src/App.js` file: there is a `<main>` element containing three `Box` components with different colors.

Note that the `<main>` wrapper is a flex container which is why the `Box` components are aligned horizontically.

Task: Outsource the three `Box` components to a `Boxes` component.

- In the `App.js` file, create a `Boxes` component which
  - returns the same three `Box` components as given above.
  - For now, use a `<div>` component as a wrapper in the return statement of the `Boxes` component.
- In the `App` component, replace the three `Box` components with the `Boxes` component.

Check the browser: the boxes are now vertically aligned! 😱

The reason is this: a flexbox refers only to its direct child elements; however, using a `<div>` element in `Boxes` creates a new layer so that the three `Box` elements are no longer flex items!

Use the developer tools of your browser to check this fact.

To fix this, replace the `<div>` with fragments `<></>`: they won't create an HTML element and thus break the layout!

🎉 Congratulations, you have seen the basic reason why and how to use React fragments!

> 💡 Layout with flexbox is not the only reason for using fragments, but it's an easy-to-understand example. In general, fragments are a great way to avoid unnecessary `<div>` clutter.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./src/App.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
