sessions/js-loops/stars/README.md, before:

# JS Loops: Stars

Let's build an awesome interactive 5-star rating scale! The goal is to display filled/empty stars depending on the user input. A click on a star should fill all stars up to the clicked one and leave all others empty.

## Task

### Part 1: Render Stars

Start by rendering 5 empty stars in the `starContainer`. For that, switch to [`index.js`](./js/index.js) and write the function `renderStars`:

- Use a for loop inside the function to repeat the following code five times.
  💡 Start the loop with the value 1, not with 0
- Inside the for loop, create an image element and set the "src" attribute to the path of the empty star image ("assets/star-empty.svg")
- append the star to the `starContainer`.

### Part 2: Change the number of filled stars

Now we want to render a certain number of filled stars, depending on the argument given to the function:

- Add a new parameter to the `renderStars` function, named `filledStars`. Expect its value to be a number.
- Inside the loop, as you create each star, use the value of `filledStars` to decide if a filled or an empty star should be created.
  💡 Use the counter variable of the for loop to check which star is currently being created (the first, second, third...)
- Depending on whether a filled or an empty star should be created, set the `src` of the image element to the filled or empty star image URL.
- Change the code that calls `renderStars`: pass in a number between 0 and 5 as an argument, and see if it works as expected!

### Part 3: Implement user input

By now, the number of filled stars is set when calling the `renderStars` functions with a number argument.
However, we want the user to decide how many stars should be filled. Let's add a "click" event listener to every star to re-render the stars inside the container!

- Before appending the star element to the `starContainer`, add a "click" event listener to it.
- Inside the event listener, re-render the stars by calling `renderStars`. Pass the correct number to that function in order to render the correct number of filled stars.
  💡 Your loop counter variable might help you!

You are done! 🎉 Five stars to you! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-loops/stars/README.md, after:

# JS Loops: Stars

Let's build an awesome interactive 5-star rating scale! The goal is to display filled/empty stars depending on the user input. A click on a star should fill all stars up to the clicked one and leave all others empty.

## Task

### Part 1: Render Stars

Start by rendering 5 empty stars in the `starContainer`. For that, switch to `./js/index.js` and write the function `renderStars`:

- Use a for loop inside the function to repeat the following code five times.
  💡 Start the loop with the value 1, not with 0
- Inside the for loop, create an image element and set the "src" attribute to the path of the empty star image ("assets/star-empty.svg")
- append the star to the `starContainer`.

### Part 2: Change the number of filled stars

Now we want to render a certain number of filled stars, depending on the argument given to the function:

- Add a new parameter to the `renderStars` function, named `filledStars`. Expect its value to be a number.
- Inside the loop, as you create each star, use the value of `filledStars` to decide if a filled or an empty star should be created.
  💡 Use the counter variable of the for loop to check which star is currently being created (the first, second, third...)
- Depending on whether a filled or an empty star should be created, set the `src` of the image element to the filled or empty star image URL.
- Change the code that calls `renderStars`: pass in a number between 0 and 5 as an argument, and see if it works as expected!

### Part 3: Implement user input

By now, the number of filled stars is set when calling the `renderStars` functions with a number argument.
However, we want the user to decide how many stars should be filled. Let's add a "click" event listener to every star to re-render the stars inside the container!

- Before appending the star element to the `starContainer`, add a "click" event listener to it.
- Inside the event listener, re-render the stars by calling `renderStars`. Pass the correct number to that function in order to render the correct number of filled stars.
  💡 Your loop counter variable might help you!

You are done! 🎉 Five stars to you! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./js/index.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
