sessions/html-forms/Finding-a11y-errors/README.md, before:

# Forms and A11y

This Codesandbox offers a form where the user can submit some information.

Unfortunately, the form is not accessible because there are some issues in the HTML.

## Task:

Switch to the [`index.html`](./index.html) file and make the form accessible!

## Questions to guide you:

- How do you connect a form with its headline?
- How do you link a description to a specific <fieldset> element?
- Do all interactive fields have their own label?
- Are all labels linked to their interactive fields with the help of the correct attributes?
- Does this connections works correctly?
  - To check this, go to your browser and click on the label; the corresponding input field should now be focused.
  - If not, did we make a spelling mistake?
- Do we need the given placeholder?

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

migrate all sessions using migration script

sessions/html-forms/Finding-a11y-errors/README.md, after:

# Forms and A11y

This Codesandbox offers a form where the user can submit some information.

Unfortunately, the form is not accessible because there are some issues in the HTML.

## Task:

Switch to the [`index.html`](./index.html) file and make the form accessible!

## Questions to guide you:

- How do you connect a form with its headline?
- How do you link a description to a specific <fieldset> element?
- Do all interactive fields have their own label?
- Are all labels linked to their interactive fields with the help of the correct attributes?
- Does this connections works correctly?
  - To check this, go to your browser and click on the label; the corresponding input field should now be focused.
  - If not, did we make a spelling mistake?
- Do we need the given placeholder?

## Development

### Local Development

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
