sessions/react-basics/hello-world-article/README.md, before:

# A more Complex Component

Welcome back to the React Universe! This exercise lets you build a React component containing more than one HTML tag.

Have a look at the [App.js](./src/App.js) file: the default export function called `App` returns a `<div>` which wants to be replaced. Let us comply with its request!

## Task

Render an HTML `article` tag containing a heading and a paragraph to the browser. To do so, create a component called `HelloWorldArticle`.

Use the following hints as guideline:

- In the [App.js](src/App.js), create a new function called `HelloWorldArticle()`.
- `HelloWorldArticle()` should return an HTML `article` tag as a wrapper which contains;
  - an `h1` heading
  - at least one `p` tag
  - Note: Add whatever tags you like, but the predefined styles are limited ;)
- In the return statement of your `App` function, replace the `div` with your `HelloWorldArticle` component.
- Once again, look at the browser and be amazed!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [App.js](src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-basics/hello-world-article/README.md, after:

# A more Complex Component

Welcome back to the React Universe! This exercise lets you build a React component containing more than one HTML tag.

Have a look at the [App.js](./src/App.js) file: the default export function called `App` returns a `<div>` which wants to be replaced. Let us comply with its request!

## Task

Render an HTML `article` tag containing a heading and a paragraph to the browser. To do so, create a component called `HelloWorldArticle`.

Use the following hints as guideline:

- In the [App.js](src/App.js), create a new function called `HelloWorldArticle()`.
- `HelloWorldArticle()` should return an HTML `article` tag as a wrapper which contains;
  - an `h1` heading
  - at least one `p` tag
  - Note: Add whatever tags you like, but the predefined styles are limited ;)
- In the return statement of your `App` function, replace the `div` with your `HelloWorldArticle` component.
- Once again, look at the browser and be amazed!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [App.js](src/App.js) file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
