sessions/react-state/box/README.md, before:

# React State: Box

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, there is a button which toggles an `isActive` variable. You can check the console for its value after clicking the button.

Depending on the `isActive` variable, a class called `box--active` is added to the `<div>` which should then change the `<div>`'s color.

However, the color stays the same because React is not informed to re-render the UI.

## Task

Refactor the code so that React re-renders the `App` component when `isActive` is changed.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Instead of `let`, consider the `useState` function.
  - Don't forget to import the function.
  - The initial state value should be `false`.
- Inside of the `handleClick` function, use the `set` function of the `useState` function to set the new value of the `isActive` state.

You should now be able to toggle the boxes color with the button! 🎉

## Bonus:

Can you use your newly created state to toggle the text on the button itself between "Activate" and "Deactivate"?

## Hacker Bonus

Check the console and pay attention to the logged value of `isActive`. You will notice, that `console.log()` doesn't log the value you set with the `set` function one line before. If you set `true` it will log `false` and vice versa. This is not a bug, but the fundamental way how state in React works.

Can you explain why this happens?

## Notes

- There is no need to change anything in the return statement of the `App` component (except for the bonus task).
- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

migrate all sessions using migration script

sessions/react-state/box/README.md, after:

# React State: Box

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, there is a button which toggles an `isActive` variable. You can check the console for its value after clicking the button.

Depending on the `isActive` variable, a class called `box--active` is added to the `<div>` which should then change the `<div>`'s color.

However, the color stays the same because React is not informed to re-render the UI.

## Task

Refactor the code so that React re-renders the `App` component when `isActive` is changed.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Instead of `let`, consider the `useState` function.
  - Don't forget to import the function.
  - The initial state value should be `false`.
- Inside of the `handleClick` function, use the `set` function of the `useState` function to set the new value of the `isActive` state.

You should now be able to toggle the boxes color with the button! 🎉

## Bonus:

Can you use your newly created state to toggle the text on the button itself between "Activate" and "Deactivate"?

## Hacker Bonus

Check the console and pay attention to the logged value of `isActive`. You will notice, that `console.log()` doesn't log the value you set with the `set` function one line before. If you set `true` it will log `false` and vice versa. This is not a bug, but the fundamental way how state in React works.

Can you explain why this happens?

## Notes

- There is no need to change anything in the return statement of the `App` component (except for the bonus task).
- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
