sessions/js-fetch/color-clue/README.md, before:

# Color Clue

This project is a color guessing game: The user is presented the name of a color. The user then tries to choose the actual color value using the color selector input.

Clicking the `Guess` button reveals a percentage how close the user was to the actual color value associated with the name.

To get the names of the colors, we use the Color API.

Unfortunately, the game does not work because the fetch function to get data from the color api is not implemented. Let's fix this!

## Task

Check out the [`js/fetch.js`](./js/fetch.js) file: There is a `fetchNewColor()` function which creates a random hex code and creates the correct url to fetch data from the Color API.

Your task is to implement the fetch functionality:

1. Use the `fetch()` function to get data from the Color API.
2. Use the `.json()` method to parse the body of the response and convert it into an object.
3. Inspect the parsed object (e.g. by logging it to the console) and find the hex value and name of the closest named color.
4. Call the `setColorToGuess()` function with the hex value and name of the closest named color.
5. Guess colors! 🎉

Switch to the [`js/fetch.js`](./js/fetch.js) file and start coding!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-fetch/color-clue/README.md, after:

# Color Clue

This project is a color guessing game: The user is presented the name of a color. The user then tries to choose the actual color value using the color selector input.

Clicking the `Guess` button reveals a percentage how close the user was to the actual color value associated with the name.

To get the names of the colors, we use the Color API.

Unfortunately, the game does not work because the fetch function to get data from the color api is not implemented. Let's fix this!

## Task

Check out the `./js/fetch.js` file: There is a `fetchNewColor()` function which creates a random hex code and creates the correct url to fetch data from the Color API.

Your task is to implement the fetch functionality:

1. Use the `fetch()` function to get data from the Color API.
2. Use the `.json()` method to parse the body of the response and convert it into an object.
3. Inspect the parsed object (e.g. by logging it to the console) and find the hex value and name of the closest named color.
4. Call the `setColorToGuess()` function with the hex value and name of the closest named color.
5. Guess colors! 🎉

Switch to the `./js/fetch.js` file and start coding!

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
