sessions/react-state/journal-app-favorite-button/README.md, before:

# React State: Journal App with Favorite Button State

Now that you've setup your Journal App Project, it's time to include our _favorite_ feature: a button that allows you to favorite an entry.

> 💡 You can use this template as a starting point. But if you are far enough along with your own Journal App, please use that instead.

## Task

Locate the component with the favorite button. Here it's called `FavoriteButton`.

The component has an `isFavorite` boolean variable. This variable is used to determine if the star icon should be filled in or not.

- Make `isFavorite` a state variable.
- This state variable needs to be toggled when the user clicks the favorite button.
- Happy Hacking!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state/journal-app-favorite-button/README.md, after:

# React State: Journal App with Favorite Button State

Now that you've setup your Journal App Project, it's time to include our _favorite_ feature: a button that allows you to favorite an entry.

> 💡 You can use this template as a starting point. But if you are far enough along with your own Journal App, please use that instead.

## Task

Locate the component with the favorite button. Here it's called `FavoriteButton`.

The component has an `isFavorite` boolean variable. This variable is used to determine if the star icon should be filled in or not.

- Make `isFavorite` a state variable.
- This state variable needs to be toggled when the user clicks the favorite button.
- Happy Hacking!

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run test` to run the tests
