sessions/react-state-2/colored-number/README.md, before:

# React State 2: Colored Number

This challenge provides a [`src/components/Counter.js`](./src/components/Counter.js)component with two buttons which shall increment or decrement a count.

This count is then used by the [`src/components/ColoredNumber.js`](./src/components/ColoredNumber.js) component to display the actual number while its color is depending on the value.

For now, however, clicking the buttons doesn't change anything. Let's use state to fix that.

## Task

Refactor the [`src/components/Counter.js`](./src/components/Counter.js) component so that it updates the displayed number when clicking a button.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Looks like the `Counter` needs a state; can you think of an appropriate initial value?
- You need to pass the current count to the `ColoredNumber` component as the `value` prop.
- The buttons need to update the state accordingly, how can you achieve that?

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/components/Counter.js`](./src/components/Counter.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state-2/colored-number/README.md, after:

# React State 2: Colored Number

This challenge provides a `./src/components/Counter.js`component with two buttons which shall increment or decrement a count.

This count is then used by the `./src/components/ColoredNumber.js` component to display the actual number while its color is depending on the value.

For now, however, clicking the buttons doesn't change anything. Let's use state to fix that.

## Task

Refactor the `./src/components/Counter.js` component so that it updates the displayed number when clicking a button.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Looks like the `Counter` needs a state; can you think of an appropriate initial value?
- You need to pass the current count to the `ColoredNumber` component as the `value` prop.
- The buttons need to update the state accordingly, how can you achieve that?

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./src/components/Counter.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
