sessions/js-basics/dark-mode/README.md, before:

# Dark Mode Example

This Codesandbox offers a website with three buttons, but they don't do anything.
Let's write some code so that the user can decide between lightness and darkness (maybe depending on their current mood).

## Task

Add some interactivity to this website. You can use the following hints as guideline:

- if the body has the class "dark", the page is displayed in dark mode
- query all 3 buttons with the 'data-js' attribute
- add an event listener to each button:
  - "switch to dark mode" button always adds the class "dark" to the body
  - "switch to light mode" button always removes the class "dark" from the body
  - "toggle mode" button toggles the class "dark" on the body

Switch to the index.js file and find some light where there seems to be only darkness!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-basics/dark-mode/README.md, after:

# Dark Mode Example

This Codesandbox offers a website with three buttons, but they don't do anything.
Let's write some code so that the user can decide between lightness and darkness (maybe depending on their current mood).

## Task

Add some interactivity to this website. You can use the following hints as guideline:

- if the body has the class "dark", the page is displayed in dark mode
- query all 3 buttons with the 'data-js' attribute
- add an event listener to each button:
  - "switch to dark mode" button always adds the class "dark" to the body
  - "switch to light mode" button always removes the class "dark" from the body
  - "toggle mode" button toggles the class "dark" on the body

Switch to the index.js file and find some light where there seems to be only darkness!

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
