sessions/react-immutable-state/car-race/README.md, before:

# React Immutable State: Car Race

Everyone loves (electric) car racing, right? Let's become the champion!

## Task

- Start the development server and make yourself familiar with the application.
- Open the browser: there are five cars, each has its own track with a finish line and a number how long the last distance driven was.
- Try to click a car: it's not yet moving.
- Check the [`CarRace component`](components/CarRace/index.js): the `moveCar` function is not working.
- Check the [`initialCars variable in the utils.js`](utils/utils.js): it#s an array with five car objects; each car contains two keys: the `emoji` as string and the `position` object. This object determines the exact position of the car on its track (`x` key) and the distance covered with the last button click.

Switch to the [`CarRace component`](components/CarRace/index.js) again:

Your task is to implement the `moveCar` function so that the `position` object of the clicked car is updated.

Use spread syntax first, refactor with `immer` afterwards.

### Updating with Spread Syntax

Inside of the `moveCar` function, call `setCars` and update the `cars` state.

- Find the object in `cars` which is equivalent to `clickedCar` (Hint: `.map` + and some unique identifier).
- When processing the `clickedCar`, make sure to copy all relevant objects before updating them.
- After the update, the updated car should have
  - `position.x` with a value of the previous `x` value + the `coveredDistance`;
  - `lastDistance` with the value of the `coveredDistance`.

> ✨ You should no be able to click a car and it moves forward! Can you win the race?

### Updating with `immer`

Refactor the `moveCar` function so that it uses `immer` instead of the spread syntax.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- `immer` and `useImmer` are already installed, so you just have to import what you need.
- Update the state declaration: change `setCars` to `updateCars` and `useState()` to `useImmer()`.
- Use the `draft` array to find the index of the car you want to update. Can you imagine which array method with a speaking name could be useful here?
- Combine the `draft` array with the found `index` to assign the same values to `position.x` and `position.lastDistance` as before.

> ✨ Congratulations, your app works as before, but uses the `useImmer` hook now! Do you see any advantages of this hook as soon as the state becomes more complex?

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`components/CarRace/index.js`](./components/CarRace/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. If this project contains tests, select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

> 💡 Please note that Next.js support on CodeSandbox is not great.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run start` to start the production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run dev` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-immutable-state/car-race/README.md, after:

# React Immutable State: Car Race

Everyone loves (electric) car racing, right? Let's become the champion!

## Task

- Start the development server and make yourself familiar with the application.
- Open the browser: there are five cars, each has its own track with a finish line and a number how long the last distance driven was.
- Try to click a car: it's not yet moving.
- Check the [`CarRace component`](components/CarRace/index.js): the `moveCar` function is not working.
- Check the `utils/utils.js`: it#s an array with five car objects; each car contains two keys: the `emoji` as string and the `position` object. This object determines the exact position of the car on its track (`x` key) and the distance covered with the last button click.

Switch to the [`CarRace component`](components/CarRace/index.js) again:

Your task is to implement the `moveCar` function so that the `position` object of the clicked car is updated.

Use spread syntax first, refactor with `immer` afterwards.

### Updating with Spread Syntax

Inside of the `moveCar` function, call `setCars` and update the `cars` state.

- Find the object in `cars` which is equivalent to `clickedCar` (Hint: `.map` + and some unique identifier).
- When processing the `clickedCar`, make sure to copy all relevant objects before updating them.
- After the update, the updated car should have
  - `position.x` with a value of the previous `x` value + the `coveredDistance`;
  - `lastDistance` with the value of the `coveredDistance`.

> ✨ You should no be able to click a car and it moves forward! Can you win the race?

### Updating with `immer`

Refactor the `moveCar` function so that it uses `immer` instead of the spread syntax.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- `immer` and `useImmer` are already installed, so you just have to import what you need.
- Update the state declaration: change `setCars` to `updateCars` and `useState()` to `useImmer()`.
- Use the `draft` array to find the index of the car you want to update. Can you imagine which array method with a speaking name could be useful here?
- Combine the `draft` array with the found `index` to assign the same values to `position.x` and `position.lastDistance` as before.

> ✨ Congratulations, your app works as before, but uses the `useImmer` hook now! Do you see any advantages of this hook as soon as the state becomes more complex?

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./components/CarRace/index.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run dev` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run dev` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run start` to start a production server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
