sessions/js-callback-functions/user-login-callback-4-with-multiple-functions/README.md, before:

# Using multiple callback functions

In this challenge, you will encounter the following tasks:

- passing multiple callback functions to a higher order function

## Tasks

1.  Write a function with the "function" keyword named "showWelcomeMessage".
    The function should accept two parameters: "userName" and "userRole".
    The function should log the following message to the console:
    "Welcome ${userName}! You are logged in now as ${userRole}."

2.  Write a function with the "function" keyword named "showErrorMessage".
    The function should accept one parameter "errorMessage"
    The function should log the following message to the console:
    "Login error: ${errorMessage}"

3.  Call the function "handleUserLogin" and pass three arguments in this order:

- callback function: "showWelcomeMessage"
- callback function: "showErrorMessage"
- user name string: "Jane Doe"
  (You should see the log from "showWelcomeMessage" in the console)

4.  Call the function "handleUserLogin" and pass three arguments in this order:

- callback function: "showWelcomeMessage"
- callback function: "showErrorMessage"
- user name string: "John Doe"
  (You should see the log from "showErrorMessage" in the console)

Please switch to the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file to start the challenge.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-callback-functions/user-login-callback-4-with-multiple-functions/README.md, after:

# Using multiple callback functions

In this challenge, you will encounter the following tasks:

- passing multiple callback functions to a higher order function

## Tasks

1.  Write a function with the "function" keyword named "showWelcomeMessage".
    The function should accept two parameters: "userName" and "userRole".
    The function should log the following message to the console:
    "Welcome ${userName}! You are logged in now as ${userRole}."

2.  Write a function with the "function" keyword named "showErrorMessage".
    The function should accept one parameter "errorMessage"
    The function should log the following message to the console:
    "Login error: ${errorMessage}"

3.  Call the function "handleUserLogin" and pass three arguments in this order:

- callback function: "showWelcomeMessage"
- callback function: "showErrorMessage"
- user name string: "Jane Doe"
  (You should see the log from "showWelcomeMessage" in the console)

4.  Call the function "handleUserLogin" and pass three arguments in this order:

- callback function: "showWelcomeMessage"
- callback function: "showErrorMessage"
- user name string: "John Doe"
  (You should see the log from "showErrorMessage" in the console)

Please switch to the `./js/index.js` file to start the challenge.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
