sessions/react-state-3/tags/README.md, before:

# React State 3: Tags

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, there is a `tags` state passed to the [`List`](./src/components/List/index.js) component. Each tag has a delete button.

There is also a [`Form`](./src/components/Form/index.js) component which already handles the submit event and the data.

Currently, it's not possible to add or remove a tag from state.

## Task

1. At first, make sure you understand the data flow; note that

- `Form` has a `onAddTag` prop and
- `List` a `onDeleteTag` prop which are not yet passed to them in the `App` component.

2. Write and wire up state updates to add and delete a tag.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

### Add a new Tag

- In the `App` component, write a `handleAddTag` function which receives one parameter, e.g. `newTag`.
- Call the state setter function and add the new tag to the current state.
- Pass `handleAddTag` to the `Form` component using the correct prop name.

🎉 Congratulations, submitting the form now adds a new tag to the list!

### Remove a Tag

- In the `App` component, write a `handleDeleteTag` function which receives one parameter, e.g. `tagToDelete`.
- Call the state setter function and remove the tag from the current state.
- Pass `handleDeleteTag` to the `List` component using the correct prop name.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state-3/tags/README.md, after:

# React State 3: Tags

In the `./src/App.js` file, there is a `tags` state passed to the [`List`](./src/components/List/index.js) component. Each tag has a delete button.

There is also a [`Form`](./src/components/Form/index.js) component which already handles the submit event and the data.

Currently, it's not possible to add or remove a tag from state.

## Task

1. At first, make sure you understand the data flow; note that

- `Form` has a `onAddTag` prop and
- `List` a `onDeleteTag` prop which are not yet passed to them in the `App` component.

2. Write and wire up state updates to add and delete a tag.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

### Add a new Tag

- In the `App` component, write a `handleAddTag` function which receives one parameter, e.g. `newTag`.
- Call the state setter function and add the new tag to the current state.
- Pass `handleAddTag` to the `Form` component using the correct prop name.

🎉 Congratulations, submitting the form now adds a new tag to the list!

### Remove a Tag

- In the `App` component, write a `handleDeleteTag` function which receives one parameter, e.g. `tagToDelete`.
- Call the state setter function and remove the tag from the current state.
- Pass `handleDeleteTag` to the `List` component using the correct prop name.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./src/App.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
