sessions/html-and-the-web/personal-website/README.md, before:

# HTML and the web: Personal Website

In this challenge you will start creating your own personal website.

💡 If you haven't already, create a new repository on GitHub for your personal website.

## Getting started with HTML

1. Start working on the HTML markup of your personal website.
2. Think about the content you want to put on your website and its structure. You can use
   [excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com/) to create a draft of your personal website. Don't worry
   about the styling - we will take care of that later. If you need some ideas, refer to the
   wireframe down below. Don't spend too long on this task, it more important to start coding. You
   can always add new features to your draft later.

Here is an example of a structure for a website that you can draw inspiration from:

![Desktop Wireframe](assets/wireframe-desktop.png)

---

![Mobile Wireframe](assets/wireframe-mobile.png)

> ❗️ Your personal website won't look exactly like the wireframe for now, as many of the features
> need to be styled (to align horizontally for example). We will improve this during the next days.
> For now, don't focus on the looks, focus on including all relevant HTML elements.

3. Start to put your ideas into code, giving your website structure and content. Use semantic HTML
   whenever possible.

Congratulations! 🎉 You created your first own website!

Commit message:

fix/update web exercises for codesandbox removal (#349)
* feat: migrate js-input-and-strings demo to web-exercises

* fix: remove prettierrc and sandbox config files

* fix: update personal website challenge

* feat: add vscode help for working with html

sessions/html-and-the-web/personal-website/README.md, after:

# HTML and the web: Personal Website

In this challenge you will start creating your own personal website.

## Getting started with HTML

1. Start working on the HTML markup of your personal website inside the `index.html` file.
2. Think about the content you want to put on your website and its structure. You can use
   [excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com/) to create a draft of your personal website. Don't worry
   about the styling - we will take care of that later. If you need some ideas, refer to the
   wireframe down below. Don't spend too long on this task, it more important to start coding. You
   can always add new features to your draft later.

Here is an example of a structure for a website that you can draw inspiration from:

![Desktop Wireframe](assets/wireframe-desktop.png)

---

![Mobile Wireframe](assets/wireframe-mobile.png)

> ❗️ Your personal website won't look exactly like the wireframe for now, as many of the features
> need to be styled (to align horizontally for example). We will improve this during the next days.
> For now, don't focus on the looks, focus on including all relevant HTML elements.

> 💡 You can open up live preview in vscode to see the website while you are programming!
> ![live preview 1](assets/live-preview-1.png) > ![live preview 2](assets/live-preview-2.png)

3. Start to put your ideas into code, giving your website structure and content. Use semantic HTML
   whenever possible.

Congratulations! 🎉 You created your first own website!
