sessions/js-forms-2/simple-todolist/README.md, before:

# Simple To-do-List

Everyone has something to do. Let's make sure that no one forgets anything.

## Task

### 1. Listen to the submit event

- Write an event listener for the form submit.
- Log the user data to the console (we will use the data later in this exercise).
- After submit, reset the form and focus the input field with the name `headline`.

### 2. Create list entries

Look at the index.html file: there already is an `ul` for our submitted todos. We only need to write a function which creates list items and appends them to this list.

Here are some hints to guide you:

- The function needs one parameter (which will be the form data object).
- The list item has
  - a headline containing the string from `data.headline`
  - a text element containing the string from `data.task`.
- Make sure NOT to use `innerHTML` since it is a [security risk when working with user inputs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/innerHTML#security_considerations).
- Don't forget to
  - append the headline and text element to the list item as well as the list item to the todoList
  - call the function when the submit event is fired and pass the data object as an argument.

Switch to the [index.js](./js/index.js) file and make things happen!

Commit message:

Overhaul Templates, Prettier, ESLint and READMEs (#131)
* Prettier now uses the default settings

* Templates better reflect our exercise types

* ESLint config is always on "recommended"

* READMEs always include a Development section

* Missing READMEs are created

* Main README updated to reflect our new process (now also documents ghcd usage)

* Added create script for now exercises

Co-authored-by: Alex Claes <hello-github@aclaes.com>
Co-authored-by: Alexander Claes <hello@aclaes.com>

sessions/js-forms-2/simple-todolist/README.md, after:

# Simple To-do-List

Everyone has something to do. Let's make sure that no one forgets anything.

## Task

### 1. Listen to the submit event

- Write an event listener for the form submit.
- Log the user data to the console (we will use the data later in this exercise).
- After submit, reset the form and focus the input field with the name `headline`.

### 2. Create list entries

Look at the [`index.html`](./index.html) file: there already is an `ul` for our submitted todos. We only need to write a function which creates list items and appends them to this list.

Here are some hints to guide you:

- The function needs one parameter (which will be the form data object).
- The list item has
  - a headline containing the string from `data.headline`
  - a text element containing the string from `data.task`.
- Make sure NOT to use `innerHTML` since it is a [security risk when working with user inputs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/innerHTML#security_considerations).
- Don't forget to
  - append the headline and text element to the list item as well as the list item to the todoList
  - call the function when the submit event is fired and pass the data object as an argument.

Switch to the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file and make things happen!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
