sessions/js-modern-syntax/destructuring-arrays/README.md, before:

# Destructuring Arrays

In this Codesandbox you will destructure arrays.

The exact task can be found in the respective exercises in the `./index.js` file.

## Hints

- Use the variable names given in the task to destructure the given array.
- Make sure to export the variable you have declared in order to make the tests work.
- If you want to check whether you solved the tasks correctly, open the "Tests" tab of Codesandbox.

Please switch to the `./index.js` file to start the exercises.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Commit message:

change the description on how to run the test

sessions/js-modern-syntax/destructuring-arrays/README.md, after:

# Destructuring Arrays

In this Codesandbox you will destructure arrays.

The exact task can be found in the respective exercises in the `./index.js` file.

## Hints

- Use the variable names given in the task to destructure the given array.
- Make sure to export the variable you have declared in order to make the tests work.
- If you want to check whether you solved the tasks correctly, run the test following the steps described on "Local Development".

Please switch to the `./index.js` file to start the exercises.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
