sessions/react-state-3/journal-app-favorite-button-shared-state/README.md, before:

# React State: Journal App with Favorite Button and Shared State

Currently our favorite feature of the journal app is using a local state. We want to store this information in the shared state alongside the other entry data.

> 💡 You can use this template as a starting point, but if you are far enough along with your own Journal App please use yours instead.

## Task

### Prepare the state for entries

First we need to make sure all entries in state contain information about the favorite button. Locate the component holding the shared state for all entries. Here it is the `App` component.

- Add the key `isFavorite` with the value `false` to each entry in the `initialEntries` array.
- Add the key `isFavorite` with the value `false` to a newly created entry in the function `handleAddEntry`.

This was important to have a consistent shape of all entry objects 🚀

### Handle clicks on the favorite button

Now let's wire up this information stored in state with the favorite button.

Locate the component with the favorite button. Here it's called `FavoriteButton`.

- Accept a new prop in this component called `onToggleFavorite`. This event should be triggered when users press the favorite button.
- Accept a new prop called `isFavorite`.
- Accept a new prop called `id`.
- Remove the local state `isFavorite` from this component.
- Change the button's `onClick` prop to call `onToggleFavorite` and pass `id` with this call as first argument.

Great, the favorite button can now inform via an exposed event, which entry should be marked as favorite (or which favorite to remove) 🚀

### Drill all the props

> 💡 This step is closely tied to the starter template and depends heavily on the design of your app.

Locate the component that renders a single entry including the favorite button. Here it's `Entry`.

- In this component accept the three props too: `onToggleFavorite`, `isFavorite`, `id`.
- Pass all three props to the `FavoriteButton` component.

Locate the component that renders the list of all entries. Here it's `EntrySection`.

- Accept the prop `onToggleFavorite`.
- Adjust the integration of the `Entry` component to pass the `onToggleFavorite` prop.
- In addition pass each entry's `id` and `isFavorite` information to the `Entry` component as prop.

Everything is wired up! 🚀

### Update the state

Now let's finally adjust the state handling. Go back to the `App` component.

- Create a new function called `handleToggleFavorite` which accepts `id` as parameter.
- Inside this function update the state by calling `setEntries`. To create a new state value iterate over the `entries` array and search for the entry matching the `id`. If the `id` matches invert the value of `isFavorite`. (hint: you can use the array method `map` for this)
- Adjust the integration of the `EntrySection` component to pass the function `handleToggleFavorite` to the `onToggleFavorite` prop.

You have successfully refactored your app to have a more concise state handling! 🚀 🚀 🚀

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state-3/journal-app-favorite-button-shared-state/README.md, after:

# React State: Journal App with Favorite Button and Shared State

Currently our favorite feature of the journal app is using a local state. We want to store this information in the shared state alongside the other entry data.

> 💡 You can use this template as a starting point, but if you are far enough along with your own Journal App please use yours instead.

## Task

### Prepare the state for entries

First we need to make sure all entries in state contain information about the favorite button. Locate the component holding the shared state for all entries. Here it is the `App` component.

- Add the key `isFavorite` with the value `false` to each entry in the `initialEntries` array.
- Add the key `isFavorite` with the value `false` to a newly created entry in the function `handleAddEntry`.

This was important to have a consistent shape of all entry objects 🚀

### Handle clicks on the favorite button

Now let's wire up this information stored in state with the favorite button.

Locate the component with the favorite button. Here it's called `FavoriteButton`.

- Accept a new prop in this component called `onToggleFavorite`. This event should be triggered when users press the favorite button.
- Accept a new prop called `isFavorite`.
- Accept a new prop called `id`.
- Remove the local state `isFavorite` from this component.
- Change the button's `onClick` prop to call `onToggleFavorite` and pass `id` with this call as first argument.

Great, the favorite button can now inform via an exposed event, which entry should be marked as favorite (or which favorite to remove) 🚀

### Drill all the props

> 💡 This step is closely tied to the starter template and depends heavily on the design of your app.

Locate the component that renders a single entry including the favorite button. Here it's `Entry`.

- In this component accept the three props too: `onToggleFavorite`, `isFavorite`, `id`.
- Pass all three props to the `FavoriteButton` component.

Locate the component that renders the list of all entries. Here it's `EntrySection`.

- Accept the prop `onToggleFavorite`.
- Adjust the integration of the `Entry` component to pass the `onToggleFavorite` prop.
- In addition pass each entry's `id` and `isFavorite` information to the `Entry` component as prop.

Everything is wired up! 🚀

### Update the state

Now let's finally adjust the state handling. Go back to the `App` component.

- Create a new function called `handleToggleFavorite` which accepts `id` as parameter.
- Inside this function update the state by calling `setEntries`. To create a new state value iterate over the `entries` array and search for the entry matching the `id`. If the `id` matches invert the value of `isFavorite`. (hint: you can use the array method `map` for this)
- Adjust the integration of the `EntrySection` component to pass the function `handleToggleFavorite` to the `onToggleFavorite` prop.

You have successfully refactored your app to have a more concise state handling! 🚀 🚀 🚀

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run test` to run the tests
