sessions/recap-project-react/README.md, before:

# Music Collection App

In this recap project you will create a fully functioning music collection application. It can display any album available on spotify including the songlist, can search for albums using the spotify database, storing favorite albums locally and even create a favorite songs playlist.

## Preparation

The recap project is split into 10 separate parts. Each part extends on the previous one and adds a specific functionality to the app. For each part a feature description and list of hints is provided. You can find everything in the following table.

| Part                         | Hints                      |     | Part                           | Hints                       |
| ---------------------------- | -------------------------- | --- | ------------------------------ | --------------------------- |
| [Part 1](./part-1/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-1/hints.md) |     | [Part 6](./part-6/readme.md)   | [Hints](./part-6/hints.md)  |
| [Part 2](./part-2/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-2/hints.md) |     | [Part 7](./part-7/readme.md)   | [Hints](./part-7/hints.md)  |
| [Part 3](./part-3/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-3/hints.md) |     | [Part 8](./part-8/readme.md)   | [Hints](./part-8/hints.md)  |
| [Part 4](./part-4/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-4/hints.md) |     | [Part 9](./part-9/readme.md)   | [Hints](./part-9/hints.md)  |
| [Part 5](./part-5/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-5/hints.md) |     | [Part 10](./part-10/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-10/hints.md) |

Commit message:

Feature/recap project theme creator (#365)
* chore: rename old project and create base for new project

* chore: replace solution links

* update readme.md

* add user story 1

* chore: add wireframes

* update image link

* feat: add user story 2

* feat: add user story 3

* feature: add user story 4

* feature: add user story 5

* feature: add user story 6

* feature: add user story 7

* feature: add user story 8

* udpate hints part 2

* feature: udpate hints part 3

* feature: udpate hints part 4

* feature: udpate hints part 5

* feature: udpate hints part 6

* add id generation hint

* feature: udpate hints part 7

* feature: udpate hints part 8

* update project readme

* update starter data in db.js

* chore: improve notes for part-1

* chore: update wireframe and improve hints

sessions/recap-project-react/README.md, after:

# Theme Creator App

In this recap project you will create a fully functioning theme creator application. With it you can browse different color themes, create new Themes and even display an example page to test how the colors look and feel.

## Preparation

The recap project is split into 8 separate parts. Each part extends on the previous one and adds a specific functionality to the app. For each part a feature description and list of hints is provided. You can find everything in the following table.

| Part                         | Hints                      |     | Part                         | Hints                      |
| ---------------------------- | -------------------------- | --- | ---------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| [Part 1](./part-1/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-1/hints.md) |     | [Part 5](./part-5/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-5/hints.md) |
| [Part 2](./part-2/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-2/hints.md) |     | [Part 6](./part-6/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-6/hints.md) |
| [Part 3](./part-3/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-3/hints.md) |     | [Part 7](./part-7/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-7/hints.md) |
| [Part 4](./part-4/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-4/hints.md) |     | [Part 8](./part-8/readme.md) | [Hints](./part-8/hints.md) |

## User Stories

Each part is written as a `user story`, a common format to describe new features in a project. It includes

- a value proposition (why a user wants this feature),
- a visual description of the feature (e.g. wireframes),
- acceptance criteria (these must be met for the feature to be functional)
- a list of tasks (guiding the developer through the creation of the feature)

Additionally, some user stories come with additional notes which help you getting started with the feature.

Good luck and enjoy this recap project! 🚀
