sessions/js-loops/forin-select-nav/README.md, before:

# For...in Loop and Select Navigation

We can use loops for creating HTML elements. In this Codesandbox, the website needs a select input with language options and a navigation bar. Let's do this with the help of `for...in`!

## Task

### Part 1: Creating a Select Input

Looking at the [index.js](./js/index.js), there is a `languages` object with some key-value pairs. Additionally, a `select` element with the name "languages" is created and appended to the main element.

Iterate through the `languages` object using `for...in` and add the `option` elements for this dropdown menu.

The following hints may guide you:

- Create one `option` element for each entry in `languages`.
- For each option, set its `value` and `textContent` to the value of each entry in `languages`. You will need bracket notation, e.g. `languages[myIteratorName]`.
- Don't forget to append each option!

### Part 2: Creating a Navigation Bar

Before we create a navigation bar, let's have a look what's already there in [index.js](./js/index.js):

- There is a `nav` object with the keys "home", "about", and "contact".
- Each value is an object containing an "href" and "text" key and a string value.
- A `nav` and `ul` element is created and appended to the `main` element.

Your taks is to fill this list with list items and anchor tags; as content, use the `nav` object which you can access with a `for...in` loop.

Use the following hints as guideline:

- Write a `for...in` loop for the `nav` object.
- In each iteration,
  - create a list item and an anchor tag
  - set the anchor tag's `href` and `textContent` properties to the relevant values of the `nav` object; you want to use bracket notation with your iterator variable
  - append your created items accordingly.

Please switch to the [index.js](./js/index.js) file and be a navigator!

Commit message:

Overhaul Templates, Prettier, ESLint and READMEs (#131)
* Prettier now uses the default settings

* Templates better reflect our exercise types

* ESLint config is always on "recommended"

* READMEs always include a Development section

* Missing READMEs are created

* Main README updated to reflect our new process (now also documents ghcd usage)

* Added create script for now exercises

Co-authored-by: Alex Claes <hello-github@aclaes.com>
Co-authored-by: Alexander Claes <hello@aclaes.com>

sessions/js-loops/forin-select-nav/README.md, after:

# For...in Loop and Select Navigation

We can use loops for creating HTML elements. In this Codesandbox, the website needs a select input with language options and a navigation bar. Let's do this with the help of `for...in`!

## Task

### Part 1: Creating a Select Input

Looking at the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) , there is a `languages` object with some key-value pairs. Additionally, a `select` element with the name "languages" is created and appended to the main element.

Iterate through the `languages` object using `for...in` and add the `option` elements for this dropdown menu.

The following hints may guide you:

- Create one `option` element for each entry in `languages`.
- For each option, set its `value` and `textContent` to the value of each entry in `languages`. You will need bracket notation, e.g. `languages[myIteratorName]`.
- Don't forget to append each option!

### Part 2: Creating a Navigation Bar

Before we create a navigation bar, let's have a look what's already there in [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) :

- There is a `nav` object with the keys "home", "about", and "contact".
- Each value is an object containing an "href" and "text" key and a string value.
- A `nav` and `ul` element is created and appended to the `main` element.

Your taks is to fill this list with list items and anchor tags; as content, use the `nav` object which you can access with a `for...in` loop.

Use the following hints as guideline:

- Write a `for...in` loop for the `nav` object.
- In each iteration,
  - create a list item and an anchor tag
  - set the anchor tag's `href` and `textContent` properties to the relevant values of the `nav` object; you want to use bracket notation with your iterator variable
  - append your created items accordingly.

Please switch to the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file and be a navigator!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
