sessions/react-effects-and-fetch/pokemon-api/README.md, before:

# React Effects and Fetch: Pokémon API

This app should load and display a list of Pokémon.

## Task

Open the file [`src/components/PokemonList.js`](./src/components/PokemonList.js).

For now the Pokémon are only fetched when we click the button below. Let's change the code so that our app does this automatically when the app renders.

- Remove the 'Load Pokémon' button.
- Change the code below so that the `loadPokemon` function is only executed when the app component is rendered initially`

_Hint:_ Don't forget the dependency array!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/components/PokemonList.js`](./src/components/PokemonList.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

migrate all sessions using migration script

sessions/react-effects-and-fetch/pokemon-api/README.md, after:

# React Effects and Fetch: Pokémon API

This app should load and display a list of Pokémon.

## Task

Open the file [`src/components/PokemonList.js`](./src/components/PokemonList.js).

For now the Pokémon are only fetched when we click the button below. Let's change the code so that our app does this automatically when the app renders.

- Remove the 'Load Pokémon' button.
- Change the code below so that the `loadPokemon` function is only executed when the app component is rendered initially`

_Hint:_ Don't forget the dependency array!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/components/PokemonList.js`](./src/components/PokemonList.js) file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
