sessions/react-state/emoji-checker/README.md, before:

# React State: Emoji Passcode Checker

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, you can find the building blocks for an emoji passcode checker.

Looking at the `validCode` variable, we understand that the code consists of a sequence of three emojis. Each button click should "lock in" one emoji. If the code that was entered matches the passcode, your code will be confirmed as valid. The reset button should reset the code, so you can start over. Toward the bottom of the `App` function you'll find a line that conditionally generates a `p` element as soon as the input code matches the `validCode` declared at top of the function.

## Task

You can use the following hints as a guideline:

- Most importantly, you need to import a built-in React function you'll be using during this challenge.
- You need to make sure to declare a state variable.
- Write a `handleClick` function that updates the state variable according to which emoji button was clicked.
  - Hint: `event.target.textContent` (use `code + event.target.textContent` to append the new emoji)

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state/emoji-checker/README.md, after:

# React State: Emoji Passcode Checker

In the `./src/App.js` file, you can find the building blocks for an emoji passcode checker.

Looking at the `validCode` variable, we understand that the code consists of a sequence of three emojis. Each button click should "lock in" one emoji. If the code that was entered matches the passcode, your code will be confirmed as valid. The reset button should reset the code, so you can start over. Toward the bottom of the `App` function you'll find a line that conditionally generates a `p` element as soon as the input code matches the `validCode` declared at top of the function.

## Task

You can use the following hints as a guideline:

- Most importantly, you need to import a built-in React function you'll be using during this challenge.
- You need to make sure to declare a state variable.
- Write a `handleClick` function that updates the state variable according to which emoji button was clicked.
  - Hint: `event.target.textContent` (use `code + event.target.textContent` to append the new emoji)

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./src/App.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
