sessions/html-forms/zoo/README.md, before:

# Additional Input Types And Form Elements

In this Codesandbox you will find a contact form for zoo visitors.

The contact form is not yet implemented. It is up to you to add the missing pieces.

Switch to the [`index.html`](./index.html) file and add all missing inputs and form elements!

---

## Email Address

In order to get back to you, the Zoo needs to know your email address. Create the necessary `input field` of type `email` and add the corresponding `label`.

## Arrival Date

The Zoo wants to know when you plan to visit. Create the `input field` of type `date` and add the corresponding `label`.

## Radio Buttons - Special Attraction

The Zoo has three very special animals:

- relaxed sloths
- jumpy kangaroos
- thieving racoons

Add three `radio buttons`, one for each animal. Visitors can choose which one of these animals they want to visit. Add the respective `labels` as well.

Hint: Don't forget the `name` attribute!

## Textarea - Any Concerns?

Visitors should have the space to add any concerns they might have before booking a visit. Create a `textarea` and the corresponding `label`.

## Checkbox - Consent for data processing & newsletter

Before submitting the form the visitor has to accept the processing of their data. In addition, they can choose to sign up for the newsletter.
Create two separate `checkboxes` and the corresponding `labels`.

Hint: Place the `input field` within the `label`.

## Button - reset & submit

Create one `button` of type `reset` to allow for resetting the entire form. Add yet another `button` of type `submit` such that the visitor can submit their request.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

migrate all sessions using migration script

sessions/html-forms/zoo/README.md, after:

# Additional Input Types And Form Elements

In this Codesandbox you will find a contact form for zoo visitors.

The contact form is not yet implemented. It is up to you to add the missing pieces.

Switch to the [`index.html`](./index.html) file and add all missing inputs and form elements!

---

## Email Address

In order to get back to you, the Zoo needs to know your email address. Create the necessary `input field` of type `email` and add the corresponding `label`.

## Arrival Date

The Zoo wants to know when you plan to visit. Create the `input field` of type `date` and add the corresponding `label`.

## Radio Buttons - Special Attraction

The Zoo has three very special animals:

- relaxed sloths
- jumpy kangaroos
- thieving racoons

Add three `radio buttons`, one for each animal. Visitors can choose which one of these animals they want to visit. Add the respective `labels` as well.

Hint: Don't forget the `name` attribute!

## Textarea - Any Concerns?

Visitors should have the space to add any concerns they might have before booking a visit. Create a `textarea` and the corresponding `label`.

## Checkbox - Consent for data processing & newsletter

Before submitting the form the visitor has to accept the processing of their data. In addition, they can choose to sign up for the newsletter.
Create two separate `checkboxes` and the corresponding `labels`.

Hint: Place the `input field` within the `label`.

## Button - reset & submit

Create one `button` of type `reset` to allow for resetting the entire form. Add yet another `button` of type `submit` such that the visitor can submit their request.

## Development

### Local Development

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
