sessions/js-async-functions/sleep/README.md, before:

# Sleep

In this task we want to handle a sleep function, which can delay certain actions.

## Task

We have 3 buttons which should display a sleep emoji for 3, 5 and 10 seconds. After the time has passed, the emoji should be replaced by the alarm clock. But all buttons display the alarm clock immediately.

### Button 1

- Fix the bug of this first button. It has something todo with the sleep function. It returns a Promise...

### Button 2

- Use the sleep function here to display the sleep emoji for 5 seconds.

### Button 3

- This time we use a named function. Add the same functionality as with button 2, but display the emoji for 10 seconds.

### Extra: Dark Mode

Nobody can sleep with this bright display. Each button should also add the class "dark" to the `body` for the respective amount of time - and remove it afterwards.

> 💡 Hint: You don't need to add any css, the dark class is already written.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-async-functions/sleep/README.md, after:

# Sleep

In this task we want to handle a sleep function, which can delay certain actions.

## Task

We have 3 buttons which should display a sleep emoji for 3, 5 and 10 seconds. After the time has passed, the emoji should be replaced by the alarm clock. But all buttons display the alarm clock immediately.

### Button 1

- Fix the bug of this first button. It has something todo with the sleep function. It returns a Promise...

### Button 2

- Use the sleep function here to display the sleep emoji for 5 seconds.

### Button 3

- This time we use a named function. Add the same functionality as with button 2, but display the emoji for 10 seconds.

### Extra: Dark Mode

Nobody can sleep with this bright display. Each button should also add the class "dark" to the `body` for the respective amount of time - and remove it afterwards.

> 💡 Hint: You don't need to add any css, the dark class is already written.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./js/index.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
