sessions/react-state-2/conditional-usestate/README.md, before:

# React State 2: Conditional useState

Click the button "Show Message" to render a hidden message to the UI. The App will crash because there is a bug in the code. You won't see the hidden message, but an error regarding the `useState` hook being conditionally rendered.

## Task

Switch to the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file and make yourself familiar with the App.

After that, fix the error in the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file. If you need a clue, search the internet for the eslint rule or the error message.

## Notes

- If you are wondering about your solution: yes, it is that easy!
- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

migrate all sessions using migration script

sessions/react-state-2/conditional-usestate/README.md, after:

# React State 2: Conditional useState

Click the button "Show Message" to render a hidden message to the UI. The App will crash because there is a bug in the code. You won't see the hidden message, but an error regarding the `useState` hook being conditionally rendered.

## Task

Switch to the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file and make yourself familiar with the App.

After that, fix the error in the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file. If you need a clue, search the internet for the eslint rule or the error message.

## Notes

- If you are wondering about your solution: yes, it is that easy!
- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
