sessions/css-flexbox/profile/README.md, before:

# CSS Flexbox: Profile

## Task

Utilize what you've learned about flexbox to complete the following tasks:

1. The profile section contains a level 2 heading, an image and an about text.

- [ ] The image should be centered.

2. The "Tech Stack" list needs to be polished.

- [ ] The list items are currently following the normal flow of the document, but they should be packed horizontally rather than stacked vertically.
- [ ] There should be a gap of at least 10px between every "Tech Stack" entry.
- [ ] The list items should wrap to the next line, if there is not enough horizontal space.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/css-flexbox/profile/README.md, after:

# CSS Flexbox: Profile

## Task

Utilize what you've learned about flexbox to complete the following tasks:

1. The profile section contains a level 2 heading, an image and an about text.

- [ ] The image should be centered.

2. The "Tech Stack" list needs to be polished.

- [ ] The list items are currently following the normal flow of the document, but they should be packed horizontally rather than stacked vertically.
- [ ] There should be a gap of at least 10px between every "Tech Stack" entry.
- [ ] The list items should wrap to the next line, if there is not enough horizontal space.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./css/styles.css` file.

## Development

### Local Development

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
