sessions/js-conditions-and-booleans/weather-check_solution/README.md, before:

# JS Conditions and Booleans: Weather check

In this exercise you train to write a `switch` statment. Please also refer to the handout.

## Tasks

### Part 1: Simple switch Statement

- Open the file `index.js`
- There is a variable `weather` that contains the current weather condition as a string (e.g., "sunny", "rainy", "snowy").
- Write a `switch` statement that checks the value of `weather` and logs a message for each weather condition.
  - Example:
  - If the weather is "sunny" → "It's sunny!"
  - If the weather is "rainy" → "It's raining, don't forget your umbrella!"
  - If the weather is "snowy" → "It's snowing, stay warm!"
  - For any other input → "I'm not sure what the weather is like."
> 💡 Tip: Use the `break` statement to avoid the "fall-through" effect.


### Part 2: Adding Conditions
- Now we’ll extend the `switch` statement by adding a second variable `temperature`, which contains a `number` (the current temperature in degrees Celsius).
- Modify the `switch` statement so that it also takes into account the `temperature`, and logs different messages based on the `weather` and the `temperature`.
  - New Conditions:
  - If the weather is "sunny" and the temperature is above 20°C → "It's sunny and warm!"
  - If the weather is "sunny" and the temperature is 20°C or below → "It's sunny, but a bit chilly!"
  - If the weather is "rainy" → "It's raining, don't forget your umbrella!"
  - If the weather is "snowy" and the temperature is below 0°C → "Freezing snow!"
  - For any other input → "I'm not sure what the weather is like."

> 💡 Tip: Use the `break` statement to avoid the "fall-through" effect.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./index.js` file.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to run the main JavaScript file using `node`
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

> 💡 Since this project is JavaScript only there is nothing to preview in the browser. Use `npm run test` to check your progress or `npm run start` to run the code.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

Commit message:

update start script to run index.js with node in solution

sessions/js-conditions-and-booleans/weather-check_solution/README.md, after:

# JS Conditions and Booleans: Weather check

In this exercise you train to write a `switch` statement. Please also refer to the handout.

## Tasks

### Part 1: Simple switch Statement

- Open the file `index.js`.
- There is a variable `weather` that contains the current weather condition as a string (e.g., "sunny", "rainy", "snowy").
- Write a `switch` statement that checks the value of `weather` and logs a message for each weather condition.
  - Example:
  - If the weather is "sunny" → "It's sunny!"
  - If the weather is "rainy" → "It's raining, don't forget your umbrella!"
  - If the weather is "snowy" → "It's snowing, stay warm!"
  - For any other input → "I'm not sure what the weather is like."
> 💡 Tip: Use the `break` statement to avoid the "fall-through" effect.


### Part 2: Adding Conditions

- Now we’ll extend the `switch` statement by adding a second variable `temperature`, which contains a `number` (the current temperature in degrees Celsius).
- Modify the `switch` statement so that it also takes into account the `temperature`, and logs different messages based on the `weather` and the `temperature`.
  - New Conditions:
  - If the weather is "sunny" and the temperature is above 20°C → "It's sunny and warm!"
  - If the weather is "sunny" and the temperature is 20°C or below → "It's sunny, but a bit chilly!"
  - If the weather is "rainy" → "It's raining, don't forget your umbrella!"
  - If the weather is "snowy" and the temperature is below 0°C → "Freezing snow!"
  - For any other input → "I'm not sure what the weather is like."

> 💡 Tip: Use the `break` statement to avoid the "fall-through" effect.


### Running the Code

> 💡 Since this project is JavaScript only, there is nothing to preview in the browser. You will run the JavaScript code directly in the terminal using Node.js.

- To run your code:
  - Open your terminal.
  - Navigate to the folder where `index.js` is located.
  - Run `npm run start` to execute the `index.js` file using Node.js.
  - The script will run using Node.js, and the output will be logged in the terminal.
  - Check the terminal output to see if the correct messages are displayed based on the weather conditions and temperature.

### Notes

- You only have to touch the `index.js` file.
