sessions/js-forms-2/formvalidation/README.md, before:

# HTML Form Validation

This Codesandbox offers a form where the user can submit a complaint.

In order to process the complaint, the company needs certain information.

## Task

Make sure that the user submits all relevant information in a correct format.

Use the following guidelines:

- First and last name are required and are allowed to have at least 4 and up to 30 characters.
- The user needs to be at least 14 years old.
- We need a correct email adress (i.e. including an `@` symbol) for contacting the user.
- It's necessary that the user has read the terms of service and agrees to them.

Switch to the [`index.html`](./index.html) file and validate the form in the mentioned way!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-forms-2/formvalidation/README.md, after:

# HTML Form Validation

This Codesandbox offers a form where the user can submit a complaint.

In order to process the complaint, the company needs certain information.

## Task

Make sure that the user submits all relevant information in a correct format.

Use the following guidelines:

- First and last name are required and are allowed to have at least 4 and up to 30 characters.
- The user needs to be at least 14 years old.
- We need a correct email adress (i.e. including an `@` symbol) for contacting the user.
- It's necessary that the user has read the terms of service and agrees to them.

Switch to the `./index.html` file and validate the form in the mentioned way!

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
