sessions/backend-basics/greeting/README.md, before:

# Backend Basics: Greeting

In this challenge, you will build a very basic HTTP server which responds with a greeting when the url is called.

## Task

> 💡 This challenge includes tests. You can run them with `npm run test` and check your progress while working on the challenge.

Switch to the [`server.js`](./server.js) file and build an HTTP server which responds with "Hello, [your name]!".

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Import the `createServer` method from the `http` module.
- Call `createServer` and pass it a function with two parameters: `request` and `response`.
- In the function body of the function passed to `createServer`, call `response.end()` and pass it the string "Hello, [your name]!".
- Export the server as a named export.

In the [`index.js`](./index.js) file:

- Import the server from the [`server.js`](./server.js) file.
- Call the `.listen()` method on the server and pass it a port number you want to listen to, e.g. 8000.

✨ You have successfully built your first server! Let's check that it works:

- Run `npm run dev` to run the `index.js` file using `node`.
- Switch to your browser and open `localhost:8000` (the port number depends on the number you've passed to the `.listen()` method above).
- You should now see "Hello, [your name]!".

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`server.js`](./server.js) and [`index.js`](./index.js) files.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

This project is Node.js application. If it listens to any port (alá `server.listen()`) CodeSandbox will open it in the "Browser" tab. Tests only seem to work locally.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run dev` to run the main JavaScript file using `node` in watch mode (restarts on file changes)
- `npm run start` to run the main JavaScript file using `node`
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

> 💡 Since this project is Node.js application you have to run it using `npm run start` or `npm run dev` and then check your browser on the port the app is listening to. Use `npm run test` to check your progress.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/backend-basics/greeting/README.md, after:

# Backend Basics: Greeting

In this challenge, you will build a very basic HTTP server which responds with a greeting when the url is called.

## Task

> 💡 This challenge includes tests. You can run them with `npm run test` and check your progress while working on the challenge.

Switch to the `./server.js` file and build an HTTP server which responds with "Hello, [your name]!".

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Import the `createServer` method from the `http` module.
- Call `createServer` and pass it a function with two parameters: `request` and `response`.
- In the function body of the function passed to `createServer`, call `response.end()` and pass it the string "Hello, [your name]!".
- Export the server as a named export.

In the `./index.js` file:

- Import the server from the `./server.js` file.
- Call the `.listen()` method on the server and pass it a port number you want to listen to, e.g. 8000.

✨ You have successfully built your first server! Let's check that it works:

- Run `npm run dev` to run the `index.js` file using `node`.
- Switch to your browser and open `localhost:8000` (the port number depends on the number you've passed to the `.listen()` method above).
- You should now see "Hello, [your name]!".

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./server.js` and `./index.js` files.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is a node server. Server output can be viewed in the terminal.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start the node server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start:nowatch` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically. CodeSandbox will restart the server on file changes.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to starts the node server (and watches for changes)
- `npm run start:nowatch` to start the node server (without watching for changes)
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
