sessions/js-array-methods/repetition/README.md, before:

# Repetition: `map` and `filter`

Here are some exercises to recap the array methods `map` and `filter`. Let's dive into them (again)!

## Task

In the `./index.js` file, there is a `recipes` array with four objects.

Below this array, you will find a couple of variables (e.g. `onlyTitles`, `titlesWithDuration`, etc.). They are all initialized with `null`.

And now it's your turn: delete the value `null` and write code so that the variables have a value corresponding their name. Use `map` and `filter` to achieve this goal.

You will find some hints as comments.

Switch to the `./index.js` file and map / filtersome recipes!

## Notes

- If you want to check whether you solved the tasks correctly, open the "Tests" tab of Codesandbox.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Commit message:

change the description on how to run the test

sessions/js-array-methods/repetition/README.md, after:

# Repetition: `map` and `filter`

Here are some exercises to recap the array methods `map` and `filter`. Let's dive into them (again)!

## Task

In the `./index.js` file, there is a `recipes` array with four objects.

Below this array, you will find a couple of variables (e.g. `onlyTitles`, `titlesWithDuration`, etc.). They are all initialized with `null`.

And now it's your turn: delete the value `null` and write code so that the variables have a value corresponding their name. Use `map` and `filter` to achieve this goal.

You will find some hints as comments.

Switch to the `./index.js` file and map / filtersome recipes!

## Notes

- If you want to check whether you solved the tasks correctly, run the test following the steps described on "Local Development"..

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
