recipes/html-css-js/exercise-overrides/README.md, before:

# TITLE

<!--

Describe the exercise in a few sentences. E.g.:

This challenge offers a simple form with three input fields. Let's make it interactive with JS!

-->

## Task

<!--

Explaining the task in detail. E.g.:

Use JavaScript to react to the form submission.

Log all form data (in object form) into the console in the submit event handler.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Hint 1
- Hint 2
- ...

Switch to the  [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js)  file and make something great happen!

-->

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project. You can select the "Tests" tab to check your progress against the tests.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

recipes/html-css-js/exercise-overrides/README.md, after:

# TITLE

<!--

Describe the exercise in a few sentences. E.g.:

This challenge offers a simple form with three input fields. Let's make it interactive with JS!

-->

## Task

<!--

Explaining the task in detail. E.g.:

Use JavaScript to react to the form submission.

Log all form data (in object form) into the console in the submit event handler.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Hint 1
- Hint 2
- ...

Switch to the  `./js/index.js`  file and make something great happen!

-->

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./js/index.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.
