sessions/react-state-3/journal-app-form/README.md, before:

# React State: Journal App with Form Submit

Currently our journal entries are stored in an array. We want to store this array in state to be able to add new entries.

> 💡 You can use this template as a starting point, but if you are far enough along with your own Journal App, please use yours instead.

## Task

### Store the entries in state

- Locate the component with the array containing all journal entries. Here it is the variable `entries` in the `EntriesSection` component.
- Rename the variable to `initialEntries` to reflect this is the initial value for the state.
- Create a new state called `entries` with `initialEntries` as initial value.

Nice, the entries are stored in state now! 🚀

### Life the state up

The component rendering the entries and the component with the form needs to share this state of entries. We need to lift the state up to the first common ancestor of these two components. In the template it is the `App` component.

- Update the function declaration of the `EntriesSection` component to accept a new prop called `entries`.
- Move the `initialEntries` and the state to their common ancestor, e.g. `App`.
- Pass the `entries` state via the `entries` prop down to the `EntriesSection`.

Great, the state lives in the right component now! 🚀

### Let the form trigger an exposed event

We can wire up the form to add entries to the state now. Locate the component with the form. Here it is called `EntryForm`.

- Update this component's function declaration to accept a new prop, like `onAddEntry`. The prop should be used for an event that you trigger when a new journal entry should be added.
- Write a function `handleSubmit` and pass it as the `onSubmit` attribute of the `form` JSX tag.
- In `handleSubmit` gather the values of all input fields. (Hint: you can use `new FormData()` for this.)
- Don't forget to prevent the default form behavior when submitting.
- In `handleSubmit` create an object with the keys `motto` and `notes` containing the fields' values.
- Call `onAddEntry` and pass the object.
- Make sure to reset the form after submitting.

Nice job! The component can now inform its parent when an entry should be added! 🚀

### Updating the state to add new entries

Let's add new entries to the state now.

- Locate the component with the shared state. (The `App` component in this template.)
- Create a function called `handleAddEntry`.
- The function should accept a parameter called `newEntry`, which should be an object describing the new entry.

Your new journal entry needs a date.

- Create a string containing the date in the desired format with the snippet below.
- Add the key `date` to the object describing the new entry.

```js
const date = new Date().toLocaleDateString("en-us", { dateStyle: "medium" });
```

Each entry in the `entries` array needs an ID – a unique identifier.

- Install the npm package `uid` via the terminal. You can use the command below.
- Call the function `uid()` to generate a new ID.
- Add the key `id` to the object describing the new entry.

```sh
npm install uid
```

- Call the `setEntries` function and insert the new entry at the beginning of the array.
- Pass the `handleAddEntry` function with the prop `onAddEntry` to the `EntryForm` component.

Done! You can add new entries to your journal now! 🚀 🚀 🚀

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server
- `npm run build` to create a production build
- `npm run test` to run the tests in watch mode (if available)

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state-3/journal-app-form/README.md, after:

# React State: Journal App with Form Submit

Currently our journal entries are stored in an array. We want to store this array in state to be able to add new entries.

> 💡 You can use this template as a starting point, but if you are far enough along with your own Journal App, please use yours instead.

## Task

### Store the entries in state

- Locate the component with the array containing all journal entries. Here it is the variable `entries` in the `EntriesSection` component.
- Rename the variable to `initialEntries` to reflect this is the initial value for the state.
- Create a new state called `entries` with `initialEntries` as initial value.

Nice, the entries are stored in state now! 🚀

### Life the state up

The component rendering the entries and the component with the form needs to share this state of entries. We need to lift the state up to the first common ancestor of these two components. In the template it is the `App` component.

- Update the function declaration of the `EntriesSection` component to accept a new prop called `entries`.
- Move the `initialEntries` and the state to their common ancestor, e.g. `App`.
- Pass the `entries` state via the `entries` prop down to the `EntriesSection`.

Great, the state lives in the right component now! 🚀

### Let the form trigger an exposed event

We can wire up the form to add entries to the state now. Locate the component with the form. Here it is called `EntryForm`.

- Update this component's function declaration to accept a new prop, like `onAddEntry`. The prop should be used for an event that you trigger when a new journal entry should be added.
- Write a function `handleSubmit` and pass it as the `onSubmit` attribute of the `form` JSX tag.
- In `handleSubmit` gather the values of all input fields. (Hint: you can use `new FormData()` for this.)
- Don't forget to prevent the default form behavior when submitting.
- In `handleSubmit` create an object with the keys `motto` and `notes` containing the fields' values.
- Call `onAddEntry` and pass the object.
- Make sure to reset the form after submitting.

Nice job! The component can now inform its parent when an entry should be added! 🚀

### Updating the state to add new entries

Let's add new entries to the state now.

- Locate the component with the shared state. (The `App` component in this template.)
- Create a function called `handleAddEntry`.
- The function should accept a parameter called `newEntry`, which should be an object describing the new entry.

Your new journal entry needs a date.

- Create a string containing the date in the desired format with the snippet below.
- Add the key `date` to the object describing the new entry.

```js
const date = new Date().toLocaleDateString("en-us", { dateStyle: "medium" });
```

Each entry in the `entries` array needs an ID – a unique identifier.

- Install the npm package `uid` via the terminal. You can use the command below.
- Call the function `uid()` to generate a new ID.
- Add the key `id` to the object describing the new entry.

```sh
npm install uid
```

- Call the `setEntries` function and insert the new entry at the beginning of the array.
- Pass the `handleAddEntry` function with the prop `onAddEntry` to the `EntryForm` component.

Done! You can add new entries to your journal now! 🚀 🚀 🚀

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run build` to build the project
- `npm run test` to run the tests
