sessions/js-array-methods-2/animal-objects/README.md, before:

# Array Methods 2: An Array with Objects

This CodeSandbox offers some more exercises to recap some advanced array methods. Let's dive in!

## Task

In the `./index.js` file, there is an `animals` array with - guess what? - animals. Each animal is an object with some key-value-pairs.

Below this array, you will find a couple of variables (e.g. `firstAnimalStartingWithLetterG`). They all are initialized with `null`.

And now it's your turn: delete the value `null` and write code such that the variables have a value corresponding to their name. Use the following methods to achieve this goal:

- `Array.includes()`
- `Array.find()`
- `Array.findIndex()`
- `Array.sort()`
- `Array.some()`
- `Array.every()`
- `Array.reduce()`
- `Array.reverse()`

Additionally, at some point you will need:

- `Array.filter()`
- `Array.map()`
- `String.startsWith()`

You will find some hints as comments.

Switch to the `./index.js` file and work with animals!

## Notes

- If you want to check whether you solved the tasks correctly, open the "Tests" tab of Codesandbox.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Commit message:

adapt js-array-methods-2 challenges not to use sort() or reverse() (#369)

sessions/js-array-methods-2/animal-objects/README.md, after:

# Array Methods 2: An Array with Objects

This Challenge offers some more exercises to recap some advanced array methods. Let's dive in!

## Task

In the `./index.js` file, there is an `animals` array with - guess what? - animals. Each animal is an object with some key-value-pairs.

Below this array, you will find a couple of variables (e.g. `firstAnimalStartingWithLetterG`). They all are initialized with `null`.

And now it's your turn: delete the value `null` and write code such that the variables have a value corresponding to their name. Use the following methods to achieve this goal:

- `Array.includes()`
- `Array.find()`
- `Array.findIndex()`
- `Array.toSorted()`
- `Array.some()`
- `Array.every()`
- `Array.reduce()`
- `Array.toReversed()`

Additionally, at some point you will need:

- `Array.filter()`
- `Array.map()`
- `String.startsWith()`

You will find some hints as comments.

Switch to the `./index.js` file and work with animals!

## Notes

- If you want to check whether you solved the tasks correctly, you can run the tests (see below).

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
