sessions/js-fetch/star-wars-console/README.md, before:

# Fetch Star Wars API and Log to Console

Fetching data is awesome, yet it can be frightening in the beginning. But don't worry – we are going to help you familiarize yourself with the syntax of fetch and all will be fine ;)

## Task

Have a look at the [index.js](js/index.js) file: There is an `url` variable and an empty `fetchData()` function.

Inside of the `fetchData()` function, use the `url` variable to fetch data from the Star Wars API.

Log the fetched data to the console and play around with it:

- log the entire data object
- log different values of the data object
- Bonus: Can you log the eye color of R2-D2?

The following hints may guide you:

- use a `try...catch` block
- make sure to wait for all asynchronous operations
- make sure to handle bad responses from the API as well
- you can test bad responses via adding a random string of characters to the end of the URL stored in the url variable

Please switch to the [index.js](js/index.js) file: May the force be with you!

Commit message:

Overhaul Templates, Prettier, ESLint and READMEs (#131)
* Prettier now uses the default settings

* Templates better reflect our exercise types

* ESLint config is always on "recommended"

* READMEs always include a Development section

* Missing READMEs are created

* Main README updated to reflect our new process (now also documents ghcd usage)

* Added create script for now exercises

Co-authored-by: Alex Claes <hello-github@aclaes.com>
Co-authored-by: Alexander Claes <hello@aclaes.com>

sessions/js-fetch/star-wars-console/README.md, after:

# Fetch Star Wars API and Log to Console

Fetching data is awesome, yet it can be frightening in the beginning. But don't worry – we are going to help you familiarize yourself with the syntax of fetch and all will be fine ;)

## Task

Have a look at the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file: There is an `url` variable and an empty `fetchData()` function.

Inside of the `fetchData()` function, use the `url` variable to fetch data from the Star Wars API.

Log the fetched data to the console and play around with it:

- log the entire data object
- log different values of the data object
- Bonus: Can you log the eye color of R2-D2?

The following hints may guide you:

- use a `try...catch` block
- make sure to wait for all asynchronous operations
- make sure to handle bad responses from the API as well
- you can test bad responses via adding a random string of characters to the end of the URL stored in the url variable

Please switch to the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file: May the force be with you!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
