sessions/css-animations/toast-animations/README.md, before:

# Toast Animation

In this CodeSandbox you are going to practice animating properties in CSS!

## Task

### Part 1

The hover effect on the submit button looks quite ugly. Let's change that.

- Add a `transition` property to the submit button and animate the transition to the hover state for all properties. Find some values that you personally like.

### Part 2

When you click on the button, a toast appears on the bottom right corner. Lets animate it as well, but this time we want a different animation when the toast leaves the screen!

- first define a transition in the `.toast.enter` ruleset. This will be describing the enter animation.
- then define the exit animation in the `.toast.exit` ruleset. This time use the bezier tool in the developer tools to find an animation that bounces a little to the left before the toast leaves to the right.

Switch to the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file and make something great happen!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

improve structure / format of the code

sessions/css-animations/toast-animations/README.md, after:

# Toast Animation

In this Project you are going to practice animating properties in CSS!

## Task 1

The hover effect on the submit button can still be improved. Let's do that.

Find some rules you like and animate them with transitions.

- Use at least one timing-function
- Assign different durations
- Think of using delays

> Also check out the handout. It holds some answers to the questions that may come to you.

## Task 2

When you click the submit button, a toast appears in the upper left corner. Currently this toast is animated with transitions.

You have 2 options to solve this task.

You can now:

### Option 1 - Keep Transitions:

- Keep animating the toast with transitions
- Make the animation your own by changing it

  > Can be achieved without the use of JavaScript

### Option 2 - Change Transitions to keyframes: ( advanced )

- Change the way to animate the toast and use keyframes

  > Is much more versatile to customize, but holds far more pitfalls.

  > Probably needs adjustments of CSS and JavaScript.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file to solve this tasks, but taking a look at the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) and making adjustments won't set you back in any case. Go for it!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
