sessions/js-array-methods/for-each/README.md, before:

# Color Boxes with forEach

The array method `forEach` is great for iterating through an array; let's use this to make some colored boxes!

## Task 1

In the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file, there is an array `colors` containing some hex codes. Create colored boxes from the array of hex codes using the `forEach` array method.

The following hints may guide you:

- For each hex code a new `div` with the class `color-box` should be created.
- The `background-color` of the `div` should be the current hex code.
- The element should be added to the page.

## Task 2

Instead of writing the callback function directly inside the forEach method, we can use a function reference.

- Create a new function called `renderColorBox`.
- Copy your code from the arrow function into this new function.
- Use the forEach method with renderColorBox to create the color boxes a second time!

Switch to the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file and make something great happen!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-array-methods/for-each/README.md, after:

# Color Boxes with forEach

The array method `forEach` is great for iterating through an array; let's use this to make some colored boxes!

## Task 1

In the `./js/index.js` file, there is an array `colors` containing some hex codes. Create colored boxes from the array of hex codes using the `forEach` array method.

The following hints may guide you:

- For each hex code a new `div` with the class `color-box` should be created.
- The `background-color` of the `div` should be the current hex code.
- The element should be added to the page.

## Task 2

Instead of writing the callback function directly inside the forEach method, we can use a function reference.

- Create a new function called `renderColorBox`.
- Copy your code from the arrow function into this new function.
- Use the forEach method with renderColorBox to create the color boxes a second time!

Switch to the `./js/index.js` file and make something great happen!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./js/index.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
