sessions/js-createelement/toast-messages/README.md, before:

# toast-messages

## Task

In the bottom right corner you can find a toast messages container with one entry.

When clicking the "Add toast message" button a new entry should be appended to the toast messages container. Create the HTML element for a new toast message with `document.createElement()`. Have a look at the `index.html` to see the required HTML tag and class name.

When clicking the "Clear all toast messages" button, the list of toast messages should be emptied. Afterwards you should still be able to add new toast messages and clear them again.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-createelement/toast-messages/README.md, after:

# toast-messages

## Task

In the bottom right corner you can find a toast messages container with one entry.

When clicking the "Add toast message" button a new entry should be appended to the toast messages container. Create the HTML element for a new toast message with `document.createElement()`. Have a look at the `index.html` to see the required HTML tag and class name.

When clicking the "Clear all toast messages" button, the list of toast messages should be emptied. Afterwards you should still be able to add new toast messages and clear them again.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./js/index.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
