sessions/react-state-2/table-reservation/README.md, before:

# React State 2: Table Reservation

In this challenge, there is an app to reserve a table at a restaurant.

Have a look at the [`Counter Component`](./src/components/Counter.js): there is a state which gets updated when the buttons are clicked.

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, however, there is a sentence saying "You are going to reserve a table for 2 people." The number should not be hard coded, but equal the current people count and need to be updated on every button click.

## Task

Lift the `people` state up so that

1. it still gets updated by the `Counter` component and
2. the actual people count is dynamically displayed in the `App` component.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Move the `people` state to the `App` component.
- In the `App` component, you want to have two helper functions to `handle` adding and subtracting a person from the `people` state.
- Pass your `handle` functions to the `Counter` component:
  - use one prop for each of them;
  - the prop should have the same name as the `handle` function, but should start with `on` instead of `handle` (Hint: `onDelete={handleDelete}`).
- In the `Counter` component
  - receive the two newly created props and
  - pass them to the correct button's `onClick` prop. You do **not** need to use an anonymous function here. Instead of writing `onClick={() => onSomeEvent()}` you can pass the function directly like this `onClick={onSomeEvent}`.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) and [`src/components/Counter.js`](./src/components/Counter.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/react-state-2/table-reservation/README.md, after:

# React State 2: Table Reservation

In this challenge, there is an app to reserve a table at a restaurant.

Have a look at the [`Counter Component`](./src/components/Counter.js): there is a state which gets updated when the buttons are clicked.

In the `./src/App.js` file, however, there is a sentence saying "You are going to reserve a table for 2 people." The number should not be hard coded, but equal the current people count and need to be updated on every button click.

## Task

Lift the `people` state up so that

1. it still gets updated by the `Counter` component and
2. the actual people count is dynamically displayed in the `App` component.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Move the `people` state to the `App` component.
- In the `App` component, you want to have two helper functions to `handle` adding and subtracting a person from the `people` state.
- Pass your `handle` functions to the `Counter` component:
  - use one prop for each of them;
  - the prop should have the same name as the `handle` function, but should start with `on` instead of `handle` (Hint: `onDelete={handleDelete}`).
- In the `Counter` component
  - receive the two newly created props and
  - pass them to the correct button's `onClick` prop. You do **not** need to use an anonymous function here. Instead of writing `onClick={() => onSomeEvent()}` you can pass the function directly like this `onClick={onSomeEvent}`.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `./src/App.js` and `./src/components/Counter.js` file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
