sessions/js-fetch/star-wars/README.md, before:

# Fetch with Star Wars Cards

Fetching data is awesome, yet it can be frightening at the beginning. But don't worry, we are going to make you familiar with the syntax and it will be fine ;)

## Task

Have a look at the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file: There is an `EXAMPLE_DATA` object with information about Luke Skywalker. We use this object to create a DOM element with the `Card()` function and append this element to the DOM with the help of `renderElement`.

This approach is very static and not very handy. Lets get more data and create new cards from them dynamically!

### Task 1: Fetch data from the Star Wars Api:

Fetch data from the star wars api (https://swapi.dev/api/people).

Use the `async` and `await` keywords to receive the response and request the data with the `.json() method`.
Use a `console.log()` to look at the received data!

### Task 2: Moooooooooore cards!

Use an array method to create and render a card for each object in the fetched data array.

The following hints may guide you:

- What was the array method again to perform an action **for each** element?
- You can use the functions `Card()` and `renderElement()` to create those cards, see the explanation above!

Please switch to the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file to start counting!

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-fetch/star-wars/README.md, after:

# Fetch with Star Wars Cards

Fetching data is awesome, yet it can be frightening at the beginning. But don't worry, we are going to make you familiar with the syntax and it will be fine ;)

## Task

Have a look at the `./js/index.js` file: There is an `EXAMPLE_DATA` object with information about Luke Skywalker. We use this object to create a DOM element with the `Card()` function and append this element to the DOM with the help of `renderElement`.

This approach is very static and not very handy. Lets get more data and create new cards from them dynamically!

### Task 1: Fetch data from the Star Wars Api:

Fetch data from the star wars api (https://swapi.dev/api/people).

Use the `async` and `await` keywords to receive the response and request the data with the `.json() method`.
Use a `console.log()` to look at the received data!

### Task 2: Moooooooooore cards!

Use an array method to create and render a card for each object in the fetched data array.

The following hints may guide you:

- What was the array method again to perform an action **for each** element?
- You can use the functions `Card()` and `renderElement()` to create those cards, see the explanation above!

Please switch to the `./js/index.js` file to start counting!

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
