sessions/react-state-3/adding-animals/README.md, before:

# React State 3: Adding Animals

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, there is an `animals` state used to render a list of `initialAnimals`. There is also a [`Form`](./src/components/Form/index.js) component which already handles the submit event and the data.

Currently, the only thing not working is the state update.

## Task

### Updating State

1. At first, make sure you understand the data flow; then
2. write the state update to add a new animal on submitting the form.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Look at [`src/components/Form/index.js`](./src/components/Form/index.js); what kind of data is lifted up to the `App`?
- In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, there is a `handleAddAnimal` function which only calls a `console.log`.
- Replace the `console.log` with the state setter function; pass it a copy of the previous state and add the submitted animal at the end of this new state.

Congratulations, you can now add a new animal to the state and it is rendered!

### Adding a unique identifier

There is, however, a warning regarding the `key` prop in list items. This happens becaus newly added items currently don't have an `id` to be used by the [`src/List.js`](./src/components/List/index.js) component. There is a package called `uid` already installed to fix this.

- In your `App`, import `uid` via `import { uid } from "uid";`.
- A new animal is added inside of the `handleAddAnimal` function, which is where you need to add the id.
- When `setAnimals` is called, replace the `newAnimal` part with a new object.
- Spread `newAnimal` into this object and add the id key with `id: uid()`. It might look similar to this:
  - `setXzys([...xyzs, {id: uid(), ...newXyz}]);`

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

migrate all sessions using migration script

sessions/react-state-3/adding-animals/README.md, after:

# React State 3: Adding Animals

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, there is an `animals` state used to render a list of `initialAnimals`. There is also a [`Form`](./src/components/Form/index.js) component which already handles the submit event and the data.

Currently, the only thing not working is the state update.

## Task

### Updating State

1. At first, make sure you understand the data flow; then
2. write the state update to add a new animal on submitting the form.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Look at [`src/components/Form/index.js`](./src/components/Form/index.js); what kind of data is lifted up to the `App`?
- In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file, there is a `handleAddAnimal` function which only calls a `console.log`.
- Replace the `console.log` with the state setter function; pass it a copy of the previous state and add the submitted animal at the end of this new state.

Congratulations, you can now add a new animal to the state and it is rendered!

### Adding a unique identifier

There is, however, a warning regarding the `key` prop in list items. This happens becaus newly added items currently don't have an `id` to be used by the [`src/List.js`](./src/components/List/index.js) component. There is a package called `uid` already installed to fix this.

- In your `App`, import `uid` via `import { uid } from "uid";`.
- A new animal is added inside of the `handleAddAnimal` function, which is where you need to add the id.
- When `setAnimals` is called, replace the `newAnimal` part with a new object.
- Spread `newAnimal` into this object and add the id key with `id: uid()`. It might look similar to this:
  - `setXzys([...xyzs, {id: uid(), ...newXyz}]);`

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file.

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open the displayed URL in a browser.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

> The `npm run start` script runs automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
