templates/js/README.md, before:

# New JavaScript project

This project was created from the neue fische `js` template.

You can [🔗 **use this template on CodeSandbox**](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/github/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/templates/js?file=/README.md) or locally by running this command in your Terminal:

```bash
npx -y ghcd@latest neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/templates/js my-app -i
```

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Commit message:

replace neue fische texts with spiced academy

templates/js/README.md, after:

# New JavaScript project

This project was created from the Spiced Academy `js` template.

You can [🔗 **use this template on CodeSandbox**](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/github/spiced-academy/fs-web-exercises/tree/main/templates/js?file=/README.md) or locally by running this command in your Terminal:

```bash
npx -y ghcd@latest spiced-academy/fs-web-exercises/tree/main/templates/js my-app -i
```

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
