sessions/js-modern-syntax/rest-and-spread_solution/README.md, before:

# Rest and Spread Syntax

In this challenge, you will use a lot of dots `...` to train the rest and spread syntax.

The exact task can be found in the respective exercises in the `./index.js` file.

## Hints

- Use the variable names given in the task to destructure the given array.
- Make sure to export the variable you have declared in order to make the tests work.

Please switch to the `./index.js` file to start the exercises.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

Commit message:

Fix wording and typos in js-modern-syntax challenges

sessions/js-modern-syntax/rest-and-spread_solution/README.md, after:

# JS Modern Syntax: Rest and Spread Syntax

In this challenge, you’ll practice using the rest and spread syntax in JavaScript (`...`).

## Tasks

Switch to the `./index.js` file to start the exercises. Each task is detailed within the file.

## Hints

- Follow the variable names provided in each task to apply the rest or spread syntax correctly.
- Ensure you export each declared variable as instructed to make the tests work.

## Notes

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

## Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
