sessions/react-effects-and-fetch/api-status/README.md, before:

# React Effects and Fetch: API Status

This App offers a simple interface to check the status of an API. Just do it!

## Task

Look at the [`src/components/StatusCheck/index.js`](./src/components/StatusCheck/index.js) file.

There is a function named `handleCheckApiStatus`. The function is called when you click the button.

Inside of this function use `fetch()` to load status information from the API URL given in the variable `apiStatusUrl`. You will receive a different random result every time you call the API.

Your task is to write the logic for `handleCheckApiStatus` so that - depending on `response.ok` - the icon displays either ✅ or ❌.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- `fetch()` returns a promise, so make sure to wait for the result.
- Check whether `response.ok` is truthy;
- if so, the icon should display ✅
- if not, the icon should display ❌

> _Hint:_ Since the side effect using `fetch()` is called upon a user interaction, not upon a render of the component, you don't need `useEffect` to solve this challenge.

### Bonus 1:

Can you display a '⏳' icon while waiting for the response?

### Bonus 2:

The API giving you the status might not be reachable at all, so that the network request cannot be established. In this case the promise given by `fetch()` won't resolve. This might break the app.

Do you have an idea how to catch this kind of error? Can you implement the error handling and show the status icon 🚨 if it happens.

> _Hint:_ This type of error will most probably not happen by chance. To test this case you can simulate the situation with your browser. In Firefox go to `File > Work Offline` before clicking the button. Don't forget to turn this setting off again after your test.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/components/StatusCheck/index.js`](./src/components/StatusCheck/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.

Commit message:

add minor update regarding request blocking to bons challenge

sessions/react-effects-and-fetch/api-status/README.md, after:

# React Effects and Fetch: API Status

This App offers a simple interface to check the status of an API. Just do it!

## Task

Look at the [`src/components/StatusCheck/index.js`](./src/components/StatusCheck/index.js) file.

There is a function named `handleCheckApiStatus`. The function is called when you click the button.

Inside of this function use `fetch()` to load status information from the API URL given in the variable `apiStatusUrl`. You will receive a different random result every time you call the API.

Your task is to write the logic for `handleCheckApiStatus` so that - depending on `response.ok` - the icon displays either ✅ or ❌.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- `fetch()` returns a promise, so make sure to wait for the result.
- Check whether `response.ok` is truthy;
- if so, the icon should display ✅
- if not, the icon should display ❌

> _Hint:_ Since the side effect using `fetch()` is called upon a user interaction, not upon a render of the component, you don't need `useEffect` to solve this challenge.

### Bonus 1:

Can you display a '⏳' icon while waiting for the response?

### Bonus 2:

The API giving you the status might not be reachable at all, so that the network request cannot be established. In this case the promise given by `fetch()` won't resolve. This might break the app.

Do you have an idea how to catch this kind of error? Can you implement the error handling and show the status icon 🚨 if it happens.

> _Hint:_ This type of error will most probably not happen by chance. To test this case you can simulate the situation with your browser's dev tools.
> Follow this [Firefox Docs guide](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/network_monitor/request_list/index.html#blocking-specific-urls) to block the request. You can use the the wildcard `*` as URL to block all requests. Don't forget to turn this setting off again after your test.

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`src/components/StatusCheck/index.js`](./src/components/StatusCheck/index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start the development server

> 💡 This project requires a bundler. You can use `npm run start` to start the development server. You can then view the project in the browser at `http://localhost:3000`. The Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code will **not** work for this project.
