sessions/js-array-methods/spa-3/README.md, before:

# Single Page Application (Part 3)

Up to now, we've used several HTML files for our app. In contrast, we can create a SPA
([single-page application](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/SPA)): It loads only a
single web document and updates the body content of that single document via JavaScript.

In the following codesandboxes, there is a dummy SPA of the Quiz App; additionally, there are two
enhanced versions which make use of `forEach` in order to improve and reduce the necessary code.

- [SPA 1: a working solution](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/sessions/js-array-methods/spa-1?file=/README.md)
- [SPA 2: simplified with `forEach`](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/sessions/js-array-methods/spa-2?file=/README.md)
- [SPA 3: `forEach` within `forEach`](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/sessions/js-array-methods/spa-3?file=/README.md)
  **Task:**

Working in groups, use the codesandboxes above; make sure that every student understands every
single line of code and is able to explain it (don't worry, we are not going to ask you to do so).

## Development

### CodeSandbox

Select the "Browser" tab to view this project.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following command:

- `npm run lint` to run the linter

Use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project in the browser.  
Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-array-methods/spa-3/README.md, after:

# Single Page Application (Part 3)

Up to now, we've used several HTML files for our app. In contrast, we can create a SPA
([single-page application](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/SPA)): It loads only a
single web document and updates the body content of that single document via JavaScript.

In the following codesandboxes, there is a dummy SPA of the Quiz App; additionally, there are two
enhanced versions which make use of `forEach` in order to improve and reduce the necessary code.

- [SPA 1: a working solution](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/sessions/js-array-methods/spa-1?file=/README.md)
- [SPA 2: simplified with `forEach`](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/sessions/js-array-methods/spa-2?file=/README.md)
- [SPA 3: `forEach` within `forEach`](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/neuefische/web-exercises/tree/main/sessions/js-array-methods/spa-3?file=/README.md)
  **Task:**

Working in groups, use the codesandboxes above; make sure that every student understands every
single line of code and is able to explain it (don't worry, we are not going to ask you to do so).

## Development

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
