sessions/js-unit-testing/get-animal/README.md, before:

# I like Animals, don't I? (JS Unit Testing)

This exercise offers first steps into the world of software testing. It's quite similar to the tests you have seen during the lecture, so don't be afraid ;)

## Task

Have a look at the [`index.test.js`](index.test.js): there are predefined tests for the `getAnimal()` function.

Read them very carefully to understand what the `getAnimal()` function is supposed to do. After doing so, your task is to implement the function so that all tests pass.

Please switch to the [`index.js`](index.js) file to start working (and liking animals)!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the [`index.js`](index.js) file.

## Development

### CodeSandbox

This project is JavaScript only so there is nothing to view in the "Browser" tab. Please select the "Tests" tab to check your progress.

### Local development

To run project commands locally, you need to install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

You can then use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to run the main JavaScript file using `node`
- `npm run test` to run the tests once
- `npm run lint` to run the linter

> 💡 Since this project is JavaScript only there is nothing to preview in the browser. Use `npm run test` to check your progress or `npm run start` to run the code.

Commit message:

Add Support for CodeSandbox Cloud (#302)
* update recipes for empty, html-css-js(-static), html-css-static, js, next and node

* rename node to node-server

* rename cra to react

* remove html-css-js-static and merge into html-css-js

* rename html-css-static to html-css

* fix readme

* fix migrate script

* cook templates

* fix tests tab name

* force npm install instead of yarn

* switch from serve to live-server

* fix readme to reflect live-server

* add backwards compat for old csb

* fix and cook next

* cook all templates

* add template instructions

* migrate all sessions using migration script

* add script to copy all csv with urls of all exercises

* add better formatted file links

* update migrate script to copy index.html if it does not exist

* add index.html to js only exercises

* update readme

* fix migrate script to copy jsconfig

* add jsconfig files to next projects

* fix node server projects on csb cloud

* update readme for node server

* code sandbox cloud fix

* migrate css basics challenges

sessions/js-unit-testing/get-animal/README.md, after:

# I like Animals, don't I? (JS Unit Testing)

This exercise offers first steps into the world of software testing. It's quite similar to the tests you have seen during the lecture, so don't be afraid ;)

## Task

Have a look at the `index.test.js`: there are predefined tests for the `getAnimal()` function.

Read them very carefully to understand what the `getAnimal()` function is supposed to do. After doing so, your task is to implement the function so that all tests pass.

Please switch to the `index.js` file to start working (and liking animals)!

## Notes

- You only have to touch the `index.js` file.

## Development

> ❗️ This project is JavaScript only. Please check the browser console (<kbd>⌥</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>I</kbd>) for the output or run the tests to see the results.

### Local Development

To work locally, please install the dependencies using `npm i` first.

Run `npm run start` to start a development server and open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

> Alternatively you can use the Live Preview Extension for Visual Studio Code to view this project.  
> Select the HTML file you want to view, press <kbd>⇧</kbd><kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>P</kbd>, search for `Live Preview: Show Preview` and confirm with <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Use `npm run test` to run the tests.

### CodeSandbox Cloud

Select the "Preview: 3000" tab to view this project.

Select the "Tests: logs" tab to view the tests.

> The `npm run start` and `npm run test` scripts run automatically.

### Scripts

You can use the following commands:

- `npm run start` to start a development server
- `npm run test` to run the tests
- `npm run lint` to run the linter
